music neg 241.txt i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things . 
music neg 544.txt i was misled and thought i was buying the entire cd and it contains one song 
books neg 729.txt i have introduced many of my ell , high school students to lois lowery and the depth of her characters . she is a brilliant writer and capable of inspiring fierce passion in her readers as they encounter shocking details of her utopian worlds . i was anxious to read this companion novel and had planned to share it with my class this january . although the series is written for 6th graders and older , this book 's simplicity , in its message , language and writing style will inspire no one . i am sadly disappointed 
books pos 278.txt anything you purchase in the left behind series is an excellent read . these books are great and very close to the bible . i have the entire set . amazon is a great shopping site and they ship fast . i would recommend these to any christian wanting to know about what to expect during the return of christ ! they are fiction but still makes a good point 
dvd pos 840.txt i loved these movies , and i cant wiat for the third one ! very funny , not suitable for chilren 
camera neg 715.txt in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate 
books neg 120.txt first off i 'd like to tell you that this is only the second star wars book i 've ever read , ' jedi search ' being the first . i actually liked the first book , it drew upon the star wars lore well and was a decent read . however , this book made me groan in so many places that i felt almost compelled to create an account here to have a little rant about it ( be warned , this may contain a few spoilers ) . thusly : how much of the book was wasted with overly long descriptions ? it reminds me of a ' little britain ' sketch where a woman author is dictating her new book and starts reading the bible out to make up the space ! i do n't mind the story being 20-odd pages shorter if it comes to the point ! for some bizarre reason the author seems to have taken every opportunity to ' ground ' the story by constantly relating to the star wars films . for example , when wedge and the scientist go to that forest-resort planet and meet the alien ambassador there , he says something along the lines of : i was actually in the cantina in mos eisley when luke met han and chewbacca , little did i know the brush i had with history there... . gahhhhhhh ! ! ! why ! ? how did he know ! ? it did n't need it ! ! *bangs head on desk* he does this throughout the two books i 've read so far ! ! how about the will to stick your own neck out and come up with something new without ' proving ' that it 's true by telling the readers that it was from a certain scene in one of the films ? then there 's admiral daala . made an admiral because of her brilliant military skills and quick thinking... . so what is she doing in this ? she 's reviewing recordings of speeches given by tarkin over military tactics and following them to the letter and losing ! it 's only the end of the second book and she 's down to 1 star destroyer ! she should live up to her reputation and at least have a few successful campaigns before the inevitable happens . ( i.e. the rebellion win ) he then goes on to waste an absolutely brilliant idea , that of having a jedi academy ( the point of the trilogy ! ) . there 's so much that could have been done here - new and original training for the jedi , but no - he has the jedi go two-by-two into the forest ( holding hands ? ) to *sense* things.. . it 's meant to be a sci-fi series ! something could have been done to make this so much better ! i was incensed to find that luke was actually made ' boring ' in this book . part of my motivation for starting to read the series in the first place was to see how luke had grown . it all started very promisingly in the first book , having learnt that luke had turned to the dark side and come through it all with the love of his friends and was now more powerful than ever ! ( cool ! i thought ) . it got to the stage where i 'd dread coming back to the jedi parts of the story because he was so dull . the other trainee jedi needed serious character development ( they were 1 dimensional ! ) - entering every scene with luke surveying them noting how well they were progressing just was n't good enough . as other reviewers have said - one of his students goes rogue , somehow gains the knowledge of building a super-lightsabre ( great idea btw ! ! we need more of that ! ) then is discovered burnt to death in his quarters.. . and luke just meditates about it ! ? *grr* okay all that being said it was ' okay ' and on the strength of the first book i will be reading the next book ( it 's like a car accident - you 've just got to look ! ) . 
health pos 80.txt this is a very good shaver for the private area . however , the key to getting the best results is to trim the longer hairs with scissors or the largest guard first . this will keep the shaver from pulling on the longer hairs and will enable the foil part of the shaver to work . the foil will not be able to do its job if the hairs are too long . the only problem i had with the shaver was that it did not enable me to shave my back like it claimed . however , i use the ' mangroomer ' back shaver for this and it is perfect for you to shave off all your back hair easily with its elongated handle . it is a great product as well . therefore , i would have to say these two products coupled together seem to cover all the bases for men 's grooming on the body . i would highly recommend both of them for perfect manscaping results 
books neg 816.txt not even worth finishing this book ! this author does not know enough to even write this book ! i have personal connections with blackwater and i know not one of the employees is even close to what he makes them out to be . it is a one sided story not based on facts , which it what most writers do , but purely fiction ! the only few misfortunes blackwater has had is what he bases his book on , not the postive stories that i hear about everyday . do n't waste your money 
books pos 904.txt if you 're intimidated by tolstoy or dostoevsky 's long masterpieces , consider starting instead with turgenev 's " fathers and sons . " this book is of course a masterpiece of russian literature . it 's characters and themes are timeless and absolutely relatable to our modern culture . this is a story of family relationships , romance , and philosophy . highly recommended . p.s. when you 're done here , try " war and peace " or at least " crime and punishment . 
dvd pos 490.txt martin short is priceless in this movie - i enjoyed every minute . 
books neg 272.txt as a certified information systems security professional , i can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever . i got this book based on the glowing reviews i found here , and i 'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it . the most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle " an integrated approach to security in the organization . " the book not only lacks effective security integration techniques , it does n't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration .
health pos 153.txt i just got my first case of this fabric softener last week and yesterday , i was walking downstairs when the smell of lavender hit me - i was surprised because i had n't sprayed any lavender freshener in the air , when i realized that my boyfriend was doing a load of laundry . like seventh generation 's lavender laundry detergent , i love this product - if you use them in tandem , not only do your clothes smell like *real* lavender ( not the chemically-based smells of mainstream products ) , but they come out clean and soft . i especially like the lavender smell for my sheets and blankets and it 's gentle enough to use on my baby 's clothes , too ! i love that it 's made with natural products and real lavender essential oil . it 's also safe for my septic system , so i 'm sold on this product . if you 're sensitive to the chemical-based scents of the mainstream fabric softeners or ca n't find one that smells good to you , try this one !
music neg 204.txt generally harmless , except for one very offensive song about siblings that hate each other and hate their parents . the song is probably funny to ultra-sophisticated , cynical adults . but the song is totally inappropriate for a four year old . i would n't bring this cd into your house
health neg 309.txt i like the idea , but the slippers just are n't comfortable to stand on . it 's great while you are sitting , though
camera neg 766.txt the s9000 fits perfectly in the case . too bad the case has no strap and no belt loop . apparently , the camera strap is supposed to function as the case strap also . too bad the camera strap is extremely short , made for very small people . so , instead of returning it and using a generic case that would not protectthe camera as well , i will adapt the case to work for me . i will get a bigger aftermarket strap for the camera . i can take the case to my seamstress and have a belt loop sewn on . it will work but only after extensive modification . great camera design so it 's odd that the case appears to have been designed by someone who has never used a camera before
camera pos 859.txt outstanding camera in every respect . i 've owned several digital cameras in recent years ( sony & nikon ) . the n2 's giant 3 " lcd , the touch screen features , lens optics , and overall ease of use top any of my previous cameras . i use it for both land and underwater photography and it performs flawlessly . good job sony
camera neg 239.txt my cannon died the day before my daughters birthday so i ran out and tried a bunch of cameras in the morning and bought one . although this camera is 6 mp , my 3.0 cannon took much clearer pictures . i have had this camera for 9 months and i am sending it in for the second time for repair . first the power button stopped working , and then on easter ( something about holidays ) all of the functions of the buttons switched . when i pushed delete , the menu came up . even the mode selector was n't working . it was reviewing the pictures in all three modes . i will say that sony support online is very helpful , but i need something more reliable . i am done with this camera
camera pos 563.txt i got this for my mom when i got the digital frame for my husband it is very easy to download pictures on and she can show off all of her grandbabies this is an awsome gift for anyone the color and pictures are great
camera pos 6.txt i believe this is one of the best lens for about $1000. forget about zoom lenses even if they are l . this lens is far better than 70-200l in my opinion . it is very sharp at f2 and even more sharp at f2.5. with zoom lenses you have to set to f / 5.6 for better result and f / 8 to match this lens . it is very well built but not excessive heavy , come with hood and bag , but unfortunately , canon have decided to remove the hard cases for all the l lenses . combined with a tamron 1.4x teleconverter this lens provide very good optical quality on par with any zoom l lenses at 189mm focal length . yes i know i lost the convenience of a 70-200 zoom lens . but i am really happy that i decide to change the plan of buying a 70-200is to 135 / 2l+1.4x . this not only saves me the money but also let me to get better pictures , especially at wide open . better portrait lenses , like 200 / 1.8 and 300 / 2.8 , would cost several thousands of dollars . trust me , once you play with primes , you will not like zoom anymore . i am also using a 24-70l to shoot my small kid . after using this lens , i do n't like it anymore and thinking about change to primes someday , the only reason preventing me doing that is the 1.6x crop factor of digital camera . a 35mm / 1.4l will become 56mm which is really not good . order from amazon with free shipping even though it says not in stock . they shipped mine in 2 days and this happened before even though item stated " in stock soon " . pros : very sharp at f2 and super sharp start from f2.5. very fast lens with f / 2 very good bokeh ( background blurring ) . overall extremely good picture quality with good contrast / color . smaller size , less weight and black color compare to those white 70-200s . it is a l lens : best build quality , fast / quiet ring usm af with ftm . cons : no hard case . no inexpensive . effective focal length is 216mm on 10d / 20d / rebel / 300d which is a little difficult to use for portrait
music pos 233.txt low tech and brilliant , music that seems to have channeled zappa , winchester cathedral , and god knows what else . incredibly funny , and then suddenly sad . mr pink is a genius , you betcha . and he explains what it is and how it is to live here in this strange quasi-city in the shadow of the industry , in the curiously full and fun wasteland of other people 's dreams
books neg 598.txt easily the worst textbook i encountered during my undergraduate years . unfocused , sparse , and almost completely lacking example problems . riggs touches briefly on lots of topics and treats none of them completely , leaving the reader lacking any notion of how process control actually works in real life . i 'm not a big fan of the book by seborg et al . either , but if you have to choose between the two , go with seborg
software pos 439.txt our photo and video editing softwares were both very basic and " old " , so we decided to upgrade a couple of months ago . after reading many reviews on different bundles , we decided to get the adobe photoshop elements 5.0 premiere elements 3.0 bundle . we 've played around with the premiere elements a bit , and it 's really awesome . much better than the pinnacle studio 8 we had before . all the basic functions are easy to use and very intuitive , though we have n't gone and figured out the more advanced features yet . the photoshop elements is a wonderful tool , as well . we recently had to scan in a lot of old pictures ( as in 20+ year old b / w photographs ) . they needed a lot of touching up , and elements 5.0 worked wonderfully for that . i could adjust the lighting and sharpening , fix the colors and scratches , and the pictures turned out amazing . you 'd never be able to tell they were scanned images from such old photographs . the program is also very intuitive . i could do all the things i wanted to do without having to read the manual . of course , i 'm still just touching on the surface of what all is possible , and i plan on reading the manual and studying the program in more detail once i have the time to do so , but for what i need right now , it 's easy to use and does a good job . there are only two things i have to comment on that i do n't like about the adobe bundle , and they are the reason why i 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5. 1. the stated minimum requirements for this bundle are 512mb ram . that 's what we had on our computer , and while the program worked , it was so painfully slow that it was n't feasible to really use it . we ended up upgrading to 1gb , and it 's been working great since . so if you have less than 1gb ram , make sure you upgrade before getting this software ! 2. the red-eye fix in photoshop elements , or lack thereof . there is an auto red-eye fix , but it does n't work very well . it finds red eyes in all kinds of places , just not where they actually are . sometimes it covers half the face , sometimes only half of the eye , etc. etc. etc. there is an option to manually show the program where the red eye is , but it still does n't work right . maybe there 's another trick i have n't found out about yet , but as of right now , i usually give the fix tool a shot , and if it does n't work i take the picture back into my old editing software and fix the red eye there . i 'm really very disappointed with this , as fixing red eyes is something you have to do quite frequently when editing pictures . overall , the software has been very easy and fun to work with , even for an amateur like me . :o ) if adobe can adjust the minimum requirements recommendation and fix the red-eye fix tool , it 's going to definitely deserve 5 points
camera neg 247.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! !
books neg 314.txt i bought bead fantasies and bead fantasies ii at the same time after reading the positive reviews ; i wish i had looked at these books before buying . there are pretty motifs that i will incorporate into my beading projects but i find the small typed directions overly simplistic and the diagrams are too small . i 'm glad this is n't my first beading book or i would feel totally discouraged from trying any of these projects . i wo n't be buying bead fantasies iii . the art and elegance of beadweaving and coraling technique remain my favorite beading books .
dvd neg 448.txt the presentation of computer enhanced b&w images that in some cases were sort of new added limited value to my extensive video library , legacy of my father . however , the aural commentary of brannagh was repetitive and boring , each episode basically repeated the same 6+ octagenarian survivors exact same comments and reflections .
health neg 544.txt i am suppose to be receiving a refund because i have done sent it back but i have not heard anything from ya 'll
dvd pos 94.txt james , you wrote : " ben is weak , immature , a stalker , lazy , has bad taste in women and at 21 is unable to tell his parents no when they ask him to wear a scuba suit for their family friends . wow ! revolutionary film-making...not ! " yes , ben was weak , immature , and had bad taste in women . his learning to overcome his weakness , immaturity , bad taste in women , and then defy his family and elaine 's family was his coming of age story . that was the point of the movie . it went right over your head ! the acting was dead on and the subject matter was shocker when it came out ! how could you not love this movie ? maybe you need to grow up a little to see the value . watch it again in a few years . i think you will change your low opinion of this great classic movie over time .
camera pos 30.txt i shoot with a canon 20d and have used the canon ef 75-300mm f / 4.5-5.6 iii usm lens . i 've always noticed the limitations of this lens when shooting amateur softball . i reviewed the lens lineup at the canon website and decided on the canon ef 100-400mm f / 4.5-5.6l usm lens . the 100-400mm is a great lens , but it can be a bit soft . for that reason i decided to add the canon ef 70-200mm 2.8 / f is usm telephoto zoom lens to my lens collection . this is a serious lens meant for serious photographers . being an l lens , there is a lot of features and is manufactured with better materials with a high level of dust and moisture resistance . the construction is sturdy and consists of 23 elements in 18 groups . the four super ud-glass elements largely eliminate the secondary spectrum reducing residual chromatic aberration . an improved 8-blade circular aperture offers a more pleasing out-of-focus image . the canon ef 70-200mm lens weighs in at about 3.24 lbs / 1 , 470 g , and accepts 77mm filters with a minimal focusing distance of 4.3 ft / 1.3 m. this lens is compatible with the extenders 1.4x ii and 2x ii . be sure to get a good quality uv haze filter to protect the front lens element . being white , this lens looks a bit strange , but helps keep it stay cool when shooting in the sun . some people are concerned that being white , it attracts attention to criminals . from my experience , my 20d attracts attention regardless of what lens i put on it . in addition , i most likely have a camera bag and tripod / monopod with me to further attract attention . i personally doubt a thief looking for something to steal is taking the time to evaluate the cost of the item and are more concerned with the ease of taking something they can unload . i try to make things difficult for would be thieves and have insurance as a back up . the dual is system has two modes . mode 1 is for stationary subjects while mode two is for moving subjects . it is recommended that the is function is not used on a tripod ; however i have used it on my monopod with success . the is helps to eliminate camera shake and helps stabilize the lens when shooting from a moving vehicle . while there are limitations to what the is can do , it can give you a few extra stops . just keep in mind , the is attempts to eliminate camera movement , not the movement of the subject being photographed . this lens permits for auto or manual focus depending on how the switch is set . there is also a switch to shift from a 1.4m / 4.6ft to infinity or 2.5m / 8.2ft to infinity . included with this lens are the tripod mount , lens hood , and storage case . the tripod mount is the best option to use when mounting to a tripod . this helps to balance the load . mounting the camera instead creates an unbalanced set up that may topple over . the case is a zippered soft case ( lz1324 ) that can also be purchased separately . the lens hood ( et-86 ) is used to reduce lens flare and can protect the front element in certain situations . often times , amazon recommends purchasing the lens case and hood , however they are normally included with the lens . the canon ef 70-200mm is such an awesome lens , it almost fails to compare to the canon ef 75-300mm . the canon 100-400mm lens is a well used option for me , but the clarity and sharpness of the 70-200mm is lens is more refined . the auto-focus is quiet and quick . this lens can be used for portraits , landscape , sports or as a general walk about lens . the f / 2.8l combined with the is makes this a good option for certain low light situations . the features add creative versatility . the canon ef 70-200mm is lens comes at a price , but it is worth every bit of it . pros : incredible clarity and sharpness quiet and quick auto-focus features add creative versatility dual is system cons : heavy and bulky ( this should be expected with these types of lenses
dvd neg 45.txt ashley judd 's ( normal life , the locusts ) husband , played by jim caviezel ( the passion of the christ , frequency ) gets arrested and put on the guilty bench for a slaughter in el salvador a bunch of years ago . so , judd hires the always superb morgan freeman ( unleashed , million dollar baby ) to help her out on the case and to find out the truth while she tries to get her husband out of imprisonment . judd then has threats on her life after . the opening sequence pulls you in , the thrills are a mixed bag ( car crash scene for example was good ) and the outcome , well , i really saw coming anyway . ashley judd 's thrid thriller but its her second one with a murderous manipulative husband ( double jeopardy ) . twisted and kiss the girls had a killer running after her or playing games with her noggin . also starring bruce davison ( x-men , dahmer ) , amanda peet ( the whole nine yards , the whole ten yards ) and tom bower ( die hard 2
music neg 981.txt this is by far the worst kmfdm release.. . no esch , no schulz , just sascha and skold messin around with a little pig. . at first listen this album is not bad but once you get used to it , this album is really boring. . dirty , skurk , and preach / pervert are really the only songs worth listening to . i was embarrased to listen to " risen " . it was just lyrically horrible i do n't know what 's wrong with them . now in skold 's defense , he is a badass , his voice is cool and he 's a good writer his solo album is good . but we had him in symbols , adios , mdfmk , and attak it was just a bit much . this album is bland at times good and most times pretty bland . not what you think when you think kmfdm , though urban monkey warfare is still cool.. . whatever i am one guy buty it , if you like awesome , if not sorry. .
software pos 744.txt i have been a word perfect user for years , but found i could not open files that were received from professional organizations and attorneys . that was the reason for purchasing microsoft works . this has been a great asset for our business . thank yo
health pos 354.txt this is the best invention yet . i could not believe how warm and smooth the cream felt . what a difference from cold cream to warm cream . the cream itself was smoother and yes , buttery ! i love this , this is my best investment yet
software neg 393.txt before using colorvision spyder2 my monitor was calibrated with the free adobe gamma program installed as part of adobe photoshop . my monitor looked great and the photos i printed looked great too . the colors were spot on . after using spyder2 express my monitor looks worse . my monitor appears dim , the color temperature is too warm and colors look green and dull . if i had known it was going to ruin my already great looking monitor i would n't have wasted my time . my hope was that it would make my monitor look better , not worse . i am not at all satisfied with this product would n't recommend buying it . instead try adobe gamma or look for other free monitor calibration software tools online
books neg 52.txt this book was on a very interseting topic . the author took time in studying this topic . it was about the impending world oil shortage . that is the time when we , the world , will run out of oil . it tells you about hubbert 's analysis of the time or year when the world will run out of oil . they then talk about a lot of other things like where oil comes from . then they talk about where oil is . they also talk about drilling for oil . they say it takes people over 20 drills to find oil . sometimes it will take even more time then that . then they talk about the size of oil fields . they also reexamine hubbert 's analysis later on in the book . rate plots is brought up because the more people driving the less oil we will have in the future . they talk about the future to fossil fuels and discuss elctricity and natural gases . they also talk about how much we already have so when oil runs out we need to think about all the stuff we already have . hubbert was a brilliant man . some gas companys tried to make him stay quiet but he did n't want to he told everybody . the author was ver knowledgable and i could tell he knew what he was talking about . i would n't recommend this book to anybody unless they are very smart and want to know about the impending world oil shortage . i say again the author took time in studying this topic but that was his downfall in that he went into to much depth and made it boring . when you read it you can tell the author knew what he was talking about but he got to much into detail which is very boring . i gave it a low rating because i have a short attenion span so it was hard enough for me to make it through this book
software neg 681.txt i have a recently purchased acrobat 8.0 professional . it installed fine on my new vista machine , although it cites only office 2003 products . but i have ms office 2007. after installation ( and reinstallation ) no acrobat conversion options show on ms word , and when trying to use acrobat directly for an ms word file conversion it first reinstalls itself , and then reports that the word file ( i have tried several ) is corrupt . i now have to ask colleagues with older software to do my pdf conversion . i could not find out if or when adobe plans to be compatible with vista and office 2007
software pos 647.txt word space for the other language is not work performed or designed . for english ok ! work 's good
software neg 512.txt i have a 3.2 ghz , 2 gb , pc , clearly ready for vista . after running the compatibility wizard and uninstalling all the software that would conflict ( even the optional conflicts the second time around ) , they told me it would install , yet , it didn't . after an hour of installing , it tells me the installation fails and restores xp . i realise that mine is an isolated case , but it 's typical microsoft . if you want something that works , buy a mac
software neg 129.txt i 'm holding on the phone right now trying to get support for this product . there is no 800 number for tech-support , so it 's a long distance call . i have had the same issue for over a month and still have not been transferred to a tech support person . they offer only email support , but do n't write back . if you call them on the phone they tell you a support person will call you , but it never happens
camera pos 25.txt this lens has extremely fast ( and quiet ) focus , and is razor sharp . what more could you want , when photographing wildlife up close
dvd pos 168.txt i 'm told by fellow film enthusiasts that buuel 's later films do not show this spanish master at his best , that his earliest films- --his famous collaborations with salvador dal , for instance- --show an edgier , more fascinating buuel . whatever . i saw his 1974 film the phantom of liberty for the first time recently , and i immediately fell in love with it . there are those who swear by his more popular 1972 oscar-winner the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie , but somehow i think the phantom of liberty is even more entertaining than discreet charm . there is no plot to speak of in phantom : this film is basically a collection of surrealist sketches that finds buuel playing with all kinds of different ideas and different images . monks pray for a woman 's sick father , and then play poker with the woman and smoke . a group of people sit around a dinner table on toilets , and go to the bathroom to eat in private . two parents desperately try to find their missing daughter- --even though she 's right there in class when they call her name . in the universe buuel concocts in the phantom of liberty , anything goes . the amazing thing about this movie is that , instead of seeming like an irrational series of surrealistic sketches , the phantom of liberty has a broad theme to support its free-form structure : it 's buuel 's comic vision of freedom run amuck . sure , the idea of liberty is appealing to everyone...but , as buuel seems to be suggesting , even freedom has its limits . the opening scene of the movie is set in toledo , spain in 1808 , as napoleon 's troops attempt to liberate the spanish and are greeted with cries of " down with liberty ! " there can be times when we want the assurance of authority , rather than the freedom to act in whatever way we please . buuel does n't take a stand one way or the other , really ; he 's just an artist who is intrigued by the idea , and his interest fuels the free-form structure of the film , and its content . almost anything and everything he can think of- --within the bounds , i suppose , of the same themes he covered throughout his long and illustrious film career- --is thrown into this movie , and while some viewers may perhaps prefer the comfort of a movie with some structure , i found its elegant chaos exhilarating . only a master filmmaker who had absolute confidence in what he was doing would dare make a movie like this . i think buuel pulls it off triumphantly here ; somehow , he makes the movie seem almost logical , the way it progresses . the phantom of liberty is a sheer delight . highly recommended
health neg 765.txt shaker is adequate for breaking down whey , but it leaks . i always have to wash my hands and the outside of the bottle after making anything with it
books neg 204.txt this book is undoubtedly very good value for a birding handbook ( certainly by european standards ) . but the physical packaging is a total disaster . it has a ridiculously rigid spine and tiny page margins . it is difficult to read text near the spine , and virtually impossible to keep the book open on a particular page . the most unuseable book i 've ever experienced
books neg 627.txt this book is a cure for insomnia . if i ever have trouble falling to sleep , i 'll just dig out my old " flatland " book , and i 'll probably be fast asleep a few minutes later ! listening to the a . square character telling us about his flat , two dimensional world is not thought provoking , its just confusing ! trying to imagine life in two dimensions is truely mind numbing . i mean i understand what flatland would be like , but only after i carefully think out what mr. square is saying . i spent more time trying to comprehend the two dimensional reality of flatland than i do enjoying the story . not very interesting at all , even two stars is being generous
software pos 496.txt zonealarm by checkpoint is one the best programs for protecting yourself . it is better than norton internet suite
music neg 65.txt i love to hear old standards and such . but i like to hear people who put their own take on it . i ca n't stand to hear cheesy big band arrangements with some frank sinatra wannabe . where are the male versions of nora jones ? tone down the cheese ! we need more people like sophisticated shirley horn and betty carter ( not hams like buble , dusk , or boring singers like diana krall . but what can i expect from the music industry ? rarely do the best song-stylists get lots of attention . so , hmmm , nevermind . i guess it 's always been that way
camera pos 857.txt i recently purchased this camera and i 'm loving it . as a whole it 's very easy to use and carry . i 'm a college student going into photograpy and this is a great starter camera . i have a feeling this one is going to be with me for a very long time
health pos 911.txt i am a busy architect and this is the 2nd pair of clics i own . if you are active and need reading glasses they are perfect . their only drawback is that they take two hands to put on ! i 'd look at slimming down the frames to make them less heavy and trimmer . lastly ~ i 've found these readers to be really rugged and good for outdoor use
health pos 944.txt the chair has simple pre-set programs ( i basically use only the full-body massage ) , but also allows for designing your own massage by choosing specific movements and massage area . of course it is not the same as a real massage and not as good as the $2 , 500 chairs , but offers a great way to relax your back muscles at a great value
dvd pos 215.txt having visited st. petersburg , russia a year ago , i could not pass up the chance to watch this movie . i must say , it was nicely done . i can relate to the obnoxious , business like brother...who happily did not go with me on my trip . i was more like the care-free younger brother , but not quite so care-free as the character protrayed . the scenery was awesome...all the fantastic architecture of those magnificent buildings and sculptures were in the movie...although i wish there were more because the city is full of beauty . and this goes for the women as well ! ! i mainly went to see the city...but i also went there as a very confirmed bachlor to meet a lady that i planned would be my travel companion . what i did n't expect was to really fall in love : - ) . the big reason why i confirmed myself to be a life time bacholar was my exposure to american women...as if explained in the additional extras on the dvd...but the russian lady that i met there and the culture of her up-bringing quickly changed my way of thinking ! ! one thing i should add though . the movie gave the impression that you can take her home with you when you go back to the states yourself . such is not the case . it takes paperwork and a lot of patience to get her here...expect at least 8 months , but it is more like a year . it is time consuming to get her a us visa . but she was worth the wait for me and if you want a life long partner and lover , the wait is worthwhile . another word of caution : prepare yourself to fall in love with russia...the people are very nice and i know of a lot of americans who go there quite often to visit and re-visit...some even live there now
music neg 407.txt just like in my other review i ca n't figure out the madness over these guys . i will ask in this post as well for somebody to actually explain to me why they should be heard and are relevant in a creative way . honestly people you ca n't call these guys artists . an artist creates something from a idea or two these guys take those ideas and just lump them together . it 's as simple as that . and to top it of they do n't have the chops as musicians to be relevant in that form either . a comment like " they rock " or " the lead singer is soooo hot " are n't examples of a great artist or band . from the dates of the last post my words might be in vain , kind of like the validity of this record . because there has n't been a post on here for two years . if a fan of banking benjamins does stumble upon this post i invite you to check out my other reviews , and checkout some relevant and great music
books pos 46.txt this book , styron 's finest , is about redemption . heralded by the epigraph from john donne , the intricately structured tale with its marlowian manipulations of narrative points of view soon becomes so enthralling that it 's impossible to put down . but it 's also to styron 's great credit that the novel 's theme , redemption through confrontation with death and violence , is reflected through its feverish style . there are not many books in the postwar era , and none in the united states , that have such a non-moralistic but intensely moral character and impact . echoes of the greek tragedians ( several times evoked in the text ) and of dostoyevski abound . finally , the crucial role by the most-fleshed out non-expatriate character , a philosophical italian small-town cop named luigi , elevates the moral drama to a metaphysical dimension that most contemporary writers do n't even seem to understand , let alone approach . it 's a shame that styron has not received the nobel prize yet
books pos 451.txt " i have shooting pains in my upper left arm . " said the pilot to brian . brian is the main character in the book hatchet . this book would be for someone who likes survival in the wilderness or even just survival . i like this book because i am into this type of writing . i think gary paulson is a very intelegant man because.....who could have thought of a book about a boy who his plain crashes into the canadian wilderness and.............do you think he survived the wilderness ? .........he does survive the wilderness ! submitted by : peanut !
health pos 272.txt having tried most all energy drinks , i can honestly say this one is different . guru picks me up gradually yet does not drop me down as though my wings have been clipped . one at noon and i 'm good to go for the rest of the day . plus , i do n't go home and kick the dog ! the taste is not sugary and at about $1.40 a can ( free shipping ) the price speaks for itself
books neg 197.txt each story has a different author...however they all use the same verbage . their either all friends or the same person . i do not like this book nor does my husband
dvd pos 973.txt i became a robson green fan when i saw the first season of wire in the blood . since then , i have read the books , and watched green in his other crime series , touching evil . if you like to watch films about police solving serial killer crimes , you will enjoy this . the crimes are shocking , the denouement is interesting , and at the heart of the story is the developing relationship between dr. tony hill ( green ) and the police woman with whom he works these crimes
dvd neg 59.txt the casting for this production could scarcely be better ( of particular note is the harrowing performance of judi dench ) and it 's one of shakespeare 's best plays . that said , this film of a production on stage does n't quite carry the viewer 's interest for the entire play . there are times when the actors seem downright pretentious ; you feel as if they 're tellings us , " we know how deep this is so appreciate it , please . " that 's too bad since " macbeth " is a work thriving with intense imagination with a few hallucinations thrown in so it should invite a great film . sadly , this relatively slow-moving production is n't it . there are , of course , wonderful moments with mackellan and particularly dench ( no one plays the scene where lady macbeth goes crazy better than dame judi ) . i just do n't know if that alone makes this a worthwhile purchase . for my money , kurosawa 's " throne of blood " is a far better choice .
software pos 468.txt i 've been using turbotax since 1999. we run two small companies and my background is in accounting . hence , i have a very hard time giving someone else my bookkeeping and taxes to do , since i really have a hard time letting go of the control ! ( i 've really got to get over that ! ! ) each year , it seems that turbotax does nothing but improve ! i typically delay until the last minute and cram it all in on april 14 , and if it was n't for the simplicity fo this software , i 'd be filing extentions every year . really , gathering all your stuff together is the hardest part . this software does everything else for you .
health pos 212.txt when i found out that contradiction was no longer going to be sold in the us i thought i would never find this again . it 's my boyfriend 's favorite cologne and i was determined to find it . thanks to amazon , he has his sexy scent back . lo
software pos 402.txt this study bible is absolutely wonderful if you are ready to dig deeper . you could literally spend hours on a single chapte
music neg 667.txt i saw this movie ' cause i was interested to see cathy rigby , " who was born to play peter pan " . i hated it a lot . so , now i am in a high school production of peter pan , and i happend to see the mary martin version , and the mary martain cd . i loved it ! then i realized that ' peter pan ' is not a bad musical at all . cathy rigby and the " crew " were making it bad . i have no idea why they think cathy rigby is the greatest thing since sliced bread . do n't believe them . she isn't . she sounded like she was a stuiped little brat that just wanted to rot the rest of his [her] time just sitting in a dark corner carving forks while on the other hand , mary martain sounds all cheerful , fun , and real . i reccomend mary martain 's video and cd . i say no more
software neg 661.txt the major flaw with this product is that it 's not clear which version of office you can upgrade from . note : it does not work with office sbe ! ! various sources say various things , even the microsoft site is n't helpful
software pos 159.txt i have been using v.7 from the last week or so and i am very pleased with it . it loads very fast ( unlike all other adobe versions ) , the conversion to pdf from doc or ppt files also is much quicker . i have not encountered any problems yet , but its only been 7 days since i am using it. . definitely worth the upgrade
books pos 852.txt i was assigned this book for a college course and was greatly surprised at its quality . blamires had c.s. lewis as a tutor , and i 've read some of lewis 's writings and have found them to be above average but not particularly special ( many people do find his works special of course ) . blamires , on the other hand , i find to be very unique - his book is top quality and very helpful . i 'm surprised this is n't a very popular book , as it ought to be . i have only two complaints , both of which are purely stylistic . first , the edition i have looks like it 's a copy of an earlier edition , which makes the text hard to read ( i got used to it after a while though ) . some publisher should take it upon themself to retype this book and republish it . my second criticism is something that ca n't be avoided - the book was originally written in the early sixties , so a lot of the examples are dated ( i.e. references to wwii , which was still in memory , also out-of-date terms like " jive " , etc. ) . however , just a few of the examples are affected by this . the book as a whole could be reasonably passed off today as a recent work , since so much blamires 's criticism of the christian mind ( or lack thereof ) still ( sadly ) applies . however , the christian mind today is being rediscovered , and the march of atheism is on the decline , with the march of religion in general on the rise . even though things are looking up , christians should keep blamires 's book in mind - not to get too comfortable with this ( secular ) world , for our real home is beyond bodily death . that we ought to have a supernatural orientation is basically the theme and summary of this book . superb book , and i really recommend this to anyone . this is definitely recommended for christians , and also for any non-christian who are curious and want to take a look at some of the problems christians have today
dvd pos 571.txt this was a great movie i really enjoyed it . the story was unique and the acting was great .i thought it was the best ghost story i have seen
software neg 544.txt i used this software to do a scrapbook for my mother for her birthday . first of all the software takes up a huge amount of space ! like 1600mb . the program is so slow and i have a relatively new computer . after about 4 pages in one file it becomes impossible to work with and then crashes . i had two files - 6 pages - crash and the work was gone . all the work gone . the text editor will add typos and put in and take out spaces . sometimes it works great other times you have to restart your computer . once it added bright green lines where i had added all of the embellishments to the page - everything other than the background . i had to redo it . piece of junk ! but what does print on a color laser - do n't try it with inkjet - looks great
dvd pos 816.txt this movie is perfect for people in their 40ies and / or 50ies . it just hits the bullseye . lean back and enjoy the ride
camera pos 871.txt this is a quality bag for the price . it is a little small and tight for the nikon coolpix 8700
software neg 53.txt 1. you ca n't print on anything over 8.5x14 paper . useless if you want to review your house to any standard scale . 2. i bought this thinking that it would be better than my 1993 version 3.0 of broderbund 3d home architect . it turns out that this is exactly the same software ! i strongly recommend looking for something better
health neg 621.txt the brush completely feel apart prior to using it . i sent a review to the company with no response . the wooden back fell off of the handle and then the loofah fell off of the backing . if i would have had some response from the company offering some recourse i would not have been this dissatisfied
books pos 453.txt i did enjoy this book as it was my first introduction to magnet therapy . this is a topic that i intend to explore much further too . it was very helpful and gave good information
dvd pos 107.txt one of the movies i like to watch over and over . jessica tandy played a great character in this movie . my order came real quick
dvd pos 223.txt this dvd along with her 2 international albums " pure " and " odyssey " are best stress reduction kits available in the market . slip this in a dvd player and in a matter of minutes stress level , heart rate , and blood pressure all three are down and life if manageable again .
dvd pos 695.txt i have waited years for this release to be laser scribed onto dvd- -it is here ! a very good movie . i have to say the inspector carson ( belonging to an unknown federal agency ) , character played by kurtwood smith is good if not great acting . he epitomizes the sort of corrupt fellow we all love to hate . his lines in the movie ( particularly when he and border patrol agent bobby logan , kris kristofferson ) discuss ' politics ' during a stakeout are sheer unadulterated cynicism at the nuttiest best . the conspiracy flakes have probably adopted these lines as their mantra... . great bit part acting by rip torn , roberts blossom ( as the desert rat ) , tess harper and the young and sultry jean smart . kris kristofferson does a great job with his lines and acting capacity and treat williams does ok as well . anyone who has been in law enforcement- -or any other supervisory capacity for that matter- -has seen the idiocy and vacuum headedness of the supervisor depicted in the movie of the border patrol : totally inept . the soundtrack by tangerine dream is one of my all time favorites because it fits the movie seamlessly and draws you into the scenes . a must see movie .
dvd pos 24.txt we have the kind of family where we promised that all ex 's and all family children , blood related or not , would be family . people think i 'm strange because my friendship with my husband 's ex and her family is so important to me . she was visiting us and our granddaughter in ontario , can , she lives in l.a. and she wakens to classical music every morning . i decided to put on concert for george , which always brings me to tears , but she never took her eyes off of the screen . she especially enjoyed ravi shankar and his daughter 's opening to the concert and educated us on what the music meant . as i told my husband...no person i have shared this dvd with has ever left it with a ' so what ' opinion . they all loved it and i think , most of my friends have it by now , beatle lovers or not . thanks to all who made this a tribute to george , but also a way to educate people about his talents , his many , many friends , his loving wife and son , all of whom , obviously adored george and his music , as do i....and my close friend mary
software pos 902.txt this is a great product to manage your email , calendar , and contacts . this program has great power and features and is now much easier to use .
health pos 951.txt bought it works really good , such a fun thing to have laying around , and was very pleased well worth the $50 it costed me at brookstone
camera neg 835.txt not seeing many reviews , i 'm writing this as a warning . this mic is horrible . i bought it to get rid of the & quot ; motor noise&quot ; from my canon optura pi , as many others have . when i listen now , the sound is much worse . you can barely hear people speak over the loud humming.. . this mic is horrible
software neg 330.txt i bought this software to print my christmas cards and much to my dismay , it did not print properly on my hp inkjet printer . i tried various settings with the same bad results and finally had to contact tech support via email . here is the reply : " thank you for contacting hallmark technical support . we apologize for any difficulties that you may have had with our software . this is a newly found issue with the program . the developers are currently working on an update that will correct this . they said that the update should be out around christmas . please routinely check for new updates by going to the help menu and selecting the check for updates option . when an update is available , you will be informed and it should automatically install the update . " this is a " printing " software so when it does not print properly , it indicates that the software was not tested properly or simply the publisher expect the users to be beta-testers ! if some other features that did not work , it may be excused , but this bug is unexcusable ! i am sure the software developers will have the software bugs fixed , but at the meantime do n't be a beta-tester , buy someting else . humbug !
camera pos 159.txt yep , it extends the eyepiece out a little bit ... which helps those of us with noses not smudge the lcd display ... but it also distorts the view in an annoying way . i use mine on occasion ... but not all the time
dvd pos 753.txt i feel some of the other reviews here are unjust and over exagerated . there were two places in the film that in total lasted maybe about five minutes where the sound was distorted , but not badly since you could still understand the characters clearly ( ex. one area had a warpy vhs noise and the second had a bit of low static ) . the costumes were well selected , but i felt a better job could have been done on the rats and the lizard ( you can see a gap where the costume ends on his face ) . this version follows the book well , though it left out a favorite qoute about the taste of the liquid in the first scene that she drinks from the " drink me " bottle . i also felt that the british accents in the movie enhanced the film . i recomend this to fans and people who are n't overly critical of films
health pos 877.txt i love this product . it just tastes great especially with milk .
software neg 658.txt this program causes my computers to blue screen . trend micro has been contacted twice , but have not responded
software pos 471.txt this product is very superior over prior versions.it plays back your text in your own voice.my accuracy has improved in dragon naturallyspeaking 9 over other previous versions i have used . having been familiar with prior programs voice to text , it was easy to implement.it was a good investment . the product came promptly , and with no hassles
music neg 405.txt their basically what would happen if you took p.o.d 's lyrics , and then added boring 1 chord riffs repeated throughout the whole song followed by the singer screaming the top of his head off about god and self-loathing in a noise-bleed inducing pre-pubescent girl voice , so you have a band so bad it makes god himself want to commit suicide . the song titles are also annoyingly bad , obviously made so they sound artistically genius ( but instead monotonous ) . and to everyone who thinks these guys are metal , they deserve to be buried alive . metal is fear factory , lamb of god , in flames , and arch enemy . these guys are about as metal as maroon 5.
health pos 886.txt i bought this to go with my ms2-200bpt shaver . i saw a review that said that it kept the shaver running well . i 've been using it for about 1 month and i could n't agree more . a quick spray on the cutters after shaving , and the next time i use it , it runs like new . i can tell the difference in the smoothness and speed of the shaver since i 've started using it . as a bonus , it seems to last quite a while . another strong product from remington
software pos 682.txt i chose office ultimate 2007 as it seemed to not only have everything i could possibly need to run a business , but also easy functionality that would keep me from pulling my hair out because of software or design issues . ultimate 2007 certainly does n't disappoint ! - set up was fairly easy : two disks came with the package . disk one contains most of the software and disk two contains applications that guarantee that you are the owner of the software and have the right to all of the accounting and key business functions . - ribbon technology removes the old " hunt and find " menu method ( although for those of us that took the time to memorize and learn the location of every buttom and drop-down it did take a day or two to get used to the new set up ) . - integration with the web and other programs is virtually seemless . - excel is no longer the chore it once was because of the above mentioned ribbon . - accounting software is included . - ink and crossword . i 'm not one for games on my business pc , but for anyone that likes to doodle or zone out with crosswords , ultimate lives up to its name by including an art program designed for pen users and excellent crosswords . - onenote . i like post-its ( perhaps a little too much *l* ) and always used the post-it note software on my business computer to keep notes . i used onenote 2003 sparingly because i simply found the post-it note software easier to use on my desktop , but...with my tablet pc one note 2007 added a new dimension to my notetaking that i feel will work well with my business : the earlier mentioned web and application integration and handwriting to text functionality . i may still use post-it now and then for quick notes or perhaps the windows " stickys , " but the long note pages , pasting of images and other web info , and pen to paper note taking makes this product invaluable . - word . what can i say ? this is my primary software tool and i use it on a tablet pc . the 2007 applications were made for my computer type . i can easily click on formatting tools with the touch of my wacom pen and i do n't have to stop mid-thought to make a change or wait until i finish the document to then make my edits . - powerpoint , publisher , access , groove , infopath et cetera ( also included ) : i am still delving into these , but they appear to have all of the perks of the other programs . so , did i have any dislikes ? 1. the ink program does n't respond to my wacom pen as well as the windows journal or microsoft onenote . it also does n't have easy to use tools within the software . since it was an " extra " and will not be my primary desktop publishing , design , or art tool - i 'll probably remove it at some point from my tablet . 2. microsoft does not include an instruction manual or reference book with this program . as a result , after installation of the first disk and microsoft 's statement that all of my programs were installed , i could n't find my accounting software , had no idea that the accounting software was on the second disk ( the second disk , when loaded , does n't mention that the software is on the disk until after the software installation is complete and instead mentions other business applications ) , and wasted over an hour trying to find it . also , i 'm a " hands on " person and although i have access to the internet whenever i need it , i enjoy having an actual book in my hands from time-to-time while learning . ultimate is made with enough simplicity that a manual is n't really necessary ( i.e. most questions can be answered by the " help " window ) , but...for the hefty price tag , i do n't think it would have been too much to ask microsoft to include a basic " this is how you install the programs and this is what to expect " booklet . also note : athough microsoft , through their downloads e-mail updates , provided a " getting started " tab with a " how-to " for each major software applications , the tabs had to be added " after the fact " and many of you might find yourselves frustrated with the lack of upfront instructions on how to use the software . beside those few quirks , i fully stand behind my 5 star rating of this product and purchasing this product through amazon ( i.e. amazon 's pricing was less than the big boy retailers or online vendors ) . shipping turnaround with super saver : 2 days .
dvd neg 765.txt so this was the breakout movie for mira sorvino , the one that earned her an academy award for best supporting actress in 1995. this movie , and mira sorvino 's performance in it , was so bad that after it was over , i just had to find out who her competitors were for the 1995 best supporting actress category . let 's see.....according to wikipedia they were : kathleen quinlin ( " apollo 13 " - a fairly standard worried-wife-of-astronaut-in-danger role ) , mare winningham ( " georgia " - did not see this one ) , joan allen ( " nixon " - did not see , but how hard can it be to play the wooden pat nixon ? ) , and kate winslet ( " sense and sensibilities " - did not see either , but ang lee was robbed by the academy here also ) . it only proves just how few good roles there are for women in today 's hollywood that mira sorvino could win an oscar for this sort of performance . and i was beginning to warm up to her , too - she was great in " romy and michele 's high school reunion " , and terrific also in " beautiful girls " . so , what exactly is so bad about this movie ? here 's a brief list : 1. mira sorvino plays the entire movie in a high-pitched falsetto that sounds like her voice is breaking . another reviewer described this as similar to listening to fingernails on a blackboard . maybe in 1995 , because she was new , the academy did n't realize that this was n't her real voice and took pity on her... . 2. stupid plot device of the greek chorus . 3. stupid happy ending with a twist . 4. lots of profanity and dialogue that includes explicit descriptions of sex acts done in pornography movies.....while this movie is not itself a porn flick , the explicit details of the porn industry included in the dialogue definitely makes it not a movie for families to watch . 5. odd sight of a very old and wrinkly woody allen ( with dyed hair and bald spot ) making out with two women young enough to be his granddaughters.....all right , so i 'm just jealous - woody still looks gross... . 6. cliched , poorly developed characters , a plotline that goes around in circles , and lots and lots of pointless , unfunny dialogue . in summary , this movie is bad , bad , bad..... .
camera pos 501.txt product is excellent . however when using in motion , whether on bike or vehicle , it is difficult to grip and falls off hand . in addition , the " mode / menu " button is accidentally hit or depressed by your thumb while in motion
music neg 723.txt the raising arizona part of the cd is almost exclusively electronic and only one 90 second track of the great banjo that i remember from the movie . i recommend listening to samples before you buy
dvd pos 68.txt francis ford coppola 's apocalypse now is a pure example of method filmmaking . it is the true craftmanship of an essential filmmaker . the art direction , editing and sound effects are partially a small fragment which makes this film classical and memorable . what drives the integrity and semblance of the film is the storyline , acting and inner message . the inner message evidently enough is that war is hell , or in other words , hell is war . not many directors have the ambition or the true courage to establish such a well-defined piece of art . european filmmakers would n't have the slightest problem of directing the film or throw in their personal feelings about the war . what is most interesting is that an american filmmaker spoke his style and the style of the film 's collaborators through the continuance of the film . the plot is fairly simple and brief , adapted by joseph conrad 's heart of darkness . martin sheen plays the role of captain willard , a war-torn character who does not see any hope in life or humanity anymore . he has a mission and it is to capture a presumed colonel kurtz ( marlon brando ) who has fabricated an army of existensial soldiers on the outskirts of the cambodian jungle . throughout the film we encounter astonishing sequences . the most unforgettable is the dawn helicopter attacks . robert duvall 's character colonel kilgore is a steady and firm example of the basic american army brain : to search and destroy and then destroy some more if it includes yourself . the children walk about the playground , oblivious to any danger . the helicopters come into view from the dawning sea ; millions of sprinkle reflect from the water , we hear the helicopter 's engines roar from the horizon and soon enough we are stuck in a messy attack . throughout the sequence we hear wagner 's ' ride of the valkyries' . it is method filmmaking . the starting sequence is as fascinating as the rest of the movie ; a beautiful scene of palm trees blowing in the ragged wind and seconds away from being inflamed with a carpet bombing . let 's not forget the scene where the soldiers of the boat in which sheen travels in , stop an innocent upcoming boat , suspecting them to be vietcongs and carrying artilleries . then they spark off a heavy scene of shooting in which all of the passengers of the boat are pulverised to pieces with their crops and food savaged in the atrocity . this film has its famous moment , some better to be kept quiet about until they come through the screen . it does n't require any intellectual understanding , although the film is intellectually remarkable . the american soldiers in the vietnam war jumped into the land of a fresh governmental country , aiming to protect themselves and in the end only received death and chaos for their troops and for the majority of the country they were fighting against . it was a war gone mad , like all other wars , without purpose or dignity . it was a pure act of humanity : to destroy and restore their own greedy needs . this is a film in which there is no saviour , where it is hardly possible to find hope in the gloomiest corners and where all surroundings are plagued with the infatuations of greed , anger , foolishness and egoism . as coppola once said about the film : ' this film is n't about vietnam . this film is vietnam' . he was right to the date . during the current situations of the world , where they are trying to protect their own skin , the world should try to analyse this film as much as possible and wonder about what it is trying to represent . it is a film which does not ask for applause or damnation . it asks for realism . enjoy
camera neg 465.txt my wife purchased this for me as a christmas present . it started displaying pixels on the screen after about 2 months . i 've called digital spectrum , sent faxes and emailed them . this has been going on for nearly a month . a real waste of money & my time
software pos 261.txt simple and great video editing software considering it is for the normal and home user . i would say it is the beginner to intermediate user tool . i can really create fast movies very quickly . pros : easy to install easy to split / edit home videos compatible with ilink support for high definition hdv camcorders competitive price cons : user interface can be confusing at the beginning to understand and placement of workspace windows . rendering is slow .
health neg 845.txt the glasses are well made but i found them awkward to use . they did n't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on . the gimmick sounded cool but did n't work well for me . every head is different , so maybe they 'll work better for you
books pos 539.txt although the photographs are dated , the material is classic . this book is a must for anyone who is involved with design or review of open spaces . it shows how people use open space and identifies the common elements of successful spaces . while the elements all seem logical , the book shows how we often fly in the face of logic when using these spaces . the book focuses primarily on plazas and small parks in new york city , but includes a section for smaller cities with low rise buildings . the information can also be applied to parks in any size town . this book is a facinating case study in social ecology
camera pos 789.txt the lens adaptor threads on very easily and i 've not seen any loss in color or light from using this filter
music pos 671.txt i get the sense that the fleetwoods'body of recorded work is n't given the respect it deserves . over the course of their career , the trio recorded thirteen albums and yet this collection , as good as it is , is pretty much all that 's out there on cd , save for a few other compilations that cover much of the same ground . rock and roll has always had a soft side and it 's in this area that the fleetwoods really shine . their cover of thomas wayne 's & quot ; tragedy&quot ; is an evocative slice of 1961 teen angst-i ca n't put it any other way . maybe that 's the reason why the fleetwoods are given short shrift today : they 're the perfect embodiment of a ( then ) nascent teen culture 's soft and gentle side.this collection features all of their hits , some well chosen album tracks and the original pre-overdub version of & quot ; come softly to me&quot ; . if you like this recording , try looking for their original lps . ( my personal favourite is the 1963 & quot ; goodnight my love&quot ; album .
software pos 126.txt the product has very good themes and screen savers . some the other functions are not useful to me but hopefully i will use them in the future
software pos 655.txt at home , i 've been a mac user since 1991. i also have been something of a linux fanatic too and have used several distros , mostly red hat and now fedora core . at work , however i have used ms-dos , windows 3.11 , 95 , 98 and xp . it 's fair to say i have never liked microsoft . but on a laptop i use at work ( an older gateway 400vtx with a 2.2ghz intel celeron ) , i just upgraded to vista home basic . i also upgraded the memory to its maximum 1gb . and despite my years of eschewing microsoft , guess what ? i must say i really like the os . it runs fine on my slower system and i had no problems installing and no conflicts with drivers . i think microsoft has really made a " cool " os
music pos 75.txt 1978 the stage is set for an album to emerge out of the crumbling decay that is the city of cleveland . just like their other fellow ohion 's devo , the guys in pere ubu obviously saw the world in a slightly different way.i have owned this recording in various formats since 1980 and i have never grown tired of this album . i find this album to have an almost timless quality in that even though it was recorded over 25 years ago , if the original band itself tried to go back into the studio and re-record it , it just would'nt happen . there is just a certain magic that they captured in 1978 , as to the music itself i tend to break - up this album into 2 distinct parts . side one being the more accessible " drunken " side with more garage style sounds almost punk rock in its leanings guitar wise , but a little too intelligent , just listen to the lyrics.side 2 is definately the " drug " side like a bad acid trip vocalist david thomas takes you on a journey thru the seedy back streets of cleveland ( i have never heard smashing bottles sound so creepy or atmospheric ) and the rest of the band help to re-inforce this craziness by going off in a million different directions.i could give you a track by track anylisis of this record but suffice to say that music is somethig you should anylize , experience and consume at your own leisure , and then form your own opion of what each of the songs on this album mean to you . so if you loved things like throbbing gristle 's song hamburger lady then u will surely love pere ubu 's album the mordern dance.as another reviewer mentioned before black francis of the pixies fame must have almost certainly listened to these guys.i also hear there influences in recent bands such as portishead and queens of the stone age just to name a few.so if you enjoy bold experimental music that is still as fresh sounding as it was in 1978 then give your ears a chance to have a listen to this album , even if you have to beg , steal or borrow it .
health pos 691.txt smaller size did not fit me or my son . it would be nice if you could use perhaps a hat size to determine right size . standard size worked fine .
software neg 96.txt i bought this item because my husband heard is the best internet security . now i regret buying one . since ive installed it , it slowed my computer , its very very hard to close window and worse when i disconnected from the internet i have a hard time logging off . everytime im on the internet , i get mad and upset . its not worth all the stress . i definitely dont recommend this product . now im trying to figure how i can return the product and go back to norton
books pos 657.txt ironweed by william j . kennedy was the latest selection for a book club i 've recently joined . the premise of the club is to read a novel and then view the movie ( at the group meeting ) that was based on the novel . as i expected , the movie paled in comparison to the book , despite the screenplay being written by kennedy himself . jack nicholson plays the main character ( francis ) and meryl streep is his " wanna be " socialite girlfriend ( helen ) , but this star power does n't elevate the story beyond what kennedy had already done in the novel . set during the " great depression , " ironweed is a great look at the underbelly of society : drunks , homeless , impoverished , and in that regard the story is timeless . i enjoyed the characters ' quirkiness and the loosely connected plots , but more significantly to me were the themes of redemption , forgiveness , and love . the love aspect may be hard to spot , but it is there , unconventionally , in many of the character 's interactions . this favorable recommendation comes with a warning : it can be a depressing read , definitely not a happy one , and while i found it inspirational , it will not conjure any blithe emotions . ironweed is definitely not a june beach read , being more apropos to a long winter night , indoor , by a warm fire .
books pos 395.txt in all the talk about education issues these days , it 's easy to forget that what 's really important is the relationship , the energy , between students and teacher . when the teacher closes his door and is face-to-face with thirty kids- -that 's where it 's at . it 's not test scores or textbooks or innovative curriculum- -it 's what happens between people in a classroom . this book shows that dynamic relationship between eager , active kids and a caring , active teacher . it 's not all pleasant , and successes are sometimes small , but a pervasive caring underlies it all . as a teacher , this book reminded me that sometimes the best thing i can do for my kids is to leave all that paperwork , go for a walk , go to bed early so i can be there for them the next day
music pos 752.txt i am a latecomer to the works of chopin , unqualified to comment on dinu lipatti 's technique and interpretation , but this recording gives an interesting framework to explore the waltzes . they are numbered 1 through 14 in order of opus publication , but on this disc lipatti shuffles them to form a cycle of his own devising . there are four waltzes in the key of a flat and it seems one challenge was to space them across the recital . contrast this to alexandre thaurad 's cd where he clumps like-key waltzes into groups . ( he also adds five more posthumous works . ) most of chopin 's waltzes start on the dominant , meaning either the fifth note of the home key ( the tonic , the i ) , or a dominant seventh chord ( v7 ) which leads to the tonic . lipatti uses this feature to string together his cycle . if , for instance , there were a waltz that ended on a c natural it could easily bring us to waltz no 4 , which starts on an insistent c7 chord before rising to the home key of f major . i will use this as the starting point for tracing the harmonic relationships of the tracks on this cd . track 1 : waltz no 4 in f , " grande valse brillante " - as noted starts on the v7 and finishes on f in octaves . track 2 : no 5 in a flat - begins on a trilling dominant eb , but the note it trills up to is an f ( which ended the previous track ) . finishes with a parting shot , a turn in the bass ending on ab. track 3 : no 6 in d flat , " minute waltz " - starts on ab ; the contour of the opening phrase echoes the gesture of the previous parting shot as well . ends in db. track 4 : no 9 in a flat - has two pick up notes then hits a db on the downbeat of the first measure . the right hand ends on the ab above middle c . track 5 : no 7 in c sharp minor - starts on a g sharp above middle c , which is the same black key ( enharmonic equivalent ) of the previous ab. ends in c# minor . track 6 : no 11 in g flat - starts with a pick-up turn then hits the downbeat with a db ( enharmonic c# ) . ends on a gb in the treble clef . track 7 : no 10 in b minor - starts quietly on the same note , an f# ( enharmonic gb ) . ends with a soft b in the bass clef . track 8 : no 14 in e minor - first note is the exact same b in the bass . ends in e minor . track 9 : no 3 in a minor - starts on an e in the bass melody . ends in a minor ; keep in mind that minor third of this key is a c natural - - you can hear it in the melody of the third to last measure . track 10 : no 8 in a flat - this is a side-stepping change of keys , but there is an harmonic link to the previous waltz . instead of starting on the dominant , this one begins on the major third - - c natural . track 11 : no 12 in f minor - starts on the dominant - - c again . toggle back and forth between tracks 10 and 11 and you will hear that these two waltzes start on the exact same pitch . instead of ending in f minor this waltz closes in the relative major of ab. the last three notes are a rise and fall , bb-c-ab . track 12 : no 13 in d flat - there is a leading note before the dominant . the first three notes ( bb-ab-f ) fall and rise in a mirroring gesture to the final phrase of the previous . ends quietly in db. track 13 : no 1 in e flat , " valse brillante " - another side-stepping key change but there is a connection . if you toggle between tracks 12 and 13 you will hear the same initial note , a bb - - quietly in the former , boldly here . finishes resoundingly in the tonic eb. track 14 : no 2 in a flat , " grande valse brillante " - introduction in the dominant chord , eb7. closes in ab. from here you could loop around to the beginning of the cycle again , linking the major third ( c natural ) to the v7 that starts the f major waltz
dvd neg 41.txt as part of my ongoing quest to catch up on comic book movies that i have missed over the past few years i came across this clunker . i understand , of course , that i am not the target demographic here . most comic book fans want nothing more out of their movies than authenticity ; unfortunately i was looking for an actual cinematic experience . four scientists go gallivanting around space with some chump named dr. von doom ( who wins the award for the most obvious name for a villain ever ) ; they run into trouble and are the recipients of super powers ( now we 're talking ) thanks to some chemical filled cloud . what follows is one of the most shameless attempts to buy a box office victory in history . special effects pile on top of bad special effects as the film is quickly reduced to nothing more than a dull fireworks show . we get the thing caving in the front of a semi-truck with his shoulder as the money shot , but it comes in the middle of a scene that left me mystified . an entire bridge and just about every car on it are destroyed by these four farting around with their found powers . but since these are the good guys we have to watch as they scramble to save everybody they endangered , and succeed . destruction for the fans , no consequences for the characters . but why would director tim story try anyways ? he knows the people are just showing up to ogle at jessica alba as she pretends to act . so instead of focusing on the story he focuses on making sure that those dozens and dozens of product placements make it into the frame . he should have just directed a pepsi commercial with jessica alba and saved us the trouble of watching this mess . the plot is also outwardly defiant in its interest in being even a little entertaining . instead of watching good fight evil we are stuck watching the superheroes squabble . they are n't even aware that the bad guy is the bad guy until the last fifteen minutes of the movie . they go out , show off their powers ( in things like extreme sports , you know , for the kids ) , and then yell at each other for not being discreet enough . there is also a lackluster love triangle between sue storm ( jessica alba ) , reed richards ( ioan gruffudd ) and dr. von doom ( julian mcmahon ) . i 'm sure it is real nice to believe that someone who looks like jessica alba would rather go out with a lowly scientist as opposed to the all powerful , all wealthy dr. von doom . but chances are if you 're chasing someone that looks like her she 's not interested in your kind demeanor and meaningful career . so why is my rating so high above the zero i 've been talking it up to be ? well it is what it is . it did n't put me to sleep as it washes over you fairly harmlessly and quickly . it was fun watching tv actors such as michael chiklis and julian mcmahon try their luck at a hollywood blockbuster . and at least it was n't " catwoman . " but what it was was insulting . beyond the obvious point that nobody would believe jessica alba as a scientist lies another that shows just how stupid story thinks we are . at a newsstand , on the cover of people magazine there is a picture of sue storm . now if stephen hawkings ca n't make it to the cover of people then what chance does this two-bit scientist have ? **1 / 4
music neg 738.txt first of all let me clearly state that im from atlanta and i am a diehard fan of lil scrappy and that is why it breaks my heart to tell you that this cd is garbage . besides money in the bank there are no other standout cuts and it is a shame because the underground mixtape he dropped with dj don cannon early last year was on fire , he and cannon delivered all new tracks and there were all on point , that was of course before 50 's influence which brings us to our problem . the influence of curtis jackson a.k.a 50 cent is very clear on this album . i like 50 but he knows little of the way we make records down south . if the g-unit boss would have just stayed out he way and let scrappy pick and choose his own tracks , verses etc. everything may have been fine . the guy is a control freak and as a result nobody in the " a " is pumping this and it is a shame because when scrappy is on point the boy is unstoppable . this cd is garbage plain and simple and 50 's influence is going to put the the crown prince of the south 's career in serious jerpody unless he quickly wise 's up . this is an honest review from a fan that has been down since day one.i have bought all the mixtapes and everything else he 's dropped but , im telling you if you the consumer buy this cd you will regret it and to scrappy ditch the g unit do what 's in your heart and get back to business .
camera pos 794.txt i shot my second feature ( flying tiger ) on the dvx and took it to the cannes film fest market and no one could tell it was n't film . this camera is fantastic if you shoot right . i suggest this camera over all the other similarly-priced models . we have done extensive testing with many cameras and this is my favorite . the jvc is many thousands more and you get less grain with it in dark areas , true , but for the money , the dvx , if you shoot properly with it , will get you amazing results . for proof , you can check out footage shot in a ton of lighting conditions at my site . we had the best luck in natural light , with simple chimera diffusers . if you 're honest with yourself and do n't plan on hitting the lottery anytime soon ( getting a real distribution deal / full 35mm blowup ) and you need a good looking film for fests or dvd , there is no way you should shoot on film , or another camera . we shot a full feature on no money and had many distrib offers , all because of the look this camera gave us . i 'm planning on using it again for my next film . ! viva la revolucion ! put the dvx in 24p advanced mode and rip the knob off
books neg 46.txt i was expecting this book to be a great story , but very disappointed . i cannot believe the publisher allowed the author to publish this book as it is . the book is insipid and dull , has no flow , no story , or no plot . let me present an example . i have read many insightful newsweek articles by a writer allan sloan . for example , sloan describes a sprint merger event in this way , " if talk is getting cheaper , why did mci worldcom pay $115 billion to buy sprint ? the once staid phone companies have launched a merger blitzkrieg in an effort to emerge at the center of the wired world . can regulators handle the complex new order.... . " it has a clear logical axis , and has a force to attract readers into it . but jeter describes it like this , " the merger announcement of worldcom and sprint spurred building activity around worldcom headquarters as real estate developers readied for economic prosperity . the real estate inventory swelled with new planned unit.... . " it always presents off-center , trivial detail which makes a reader bored . 70% of books are consumed to described a dry and dull fact , like " the merger of company a & b raised the stock to $x " etc. there is no insight here . but unfortunately , unlike enron scandal , there is no other book that centered on the worldcom scandal . you would get much better comprehension by collecting articles in newsweek or business week , if you have lexisnexis or ebiscohost .
health neg 907.txt everyone in my family has owned these clic goggles . my original pair gave out after three years of use . i ordered these because they said " standard size " they normally come in small medium and large . well , i am medium and the standard size is large ( same as my husbands ) . i had to tape them at the back to make them smaller so i could wear them . did not have time to return....very disappointed . will consider this before ordering from you again .
dvd pos 897.txt i 'm not a golfing buff , but found the story and golf very good . i enjoyed this movie very much
camera pos 358.txt compare to the price of the product i highly recommend to any one who own canon eos camera.. .
music pos 279.txt i think this my first ep purchase ever - and i generally feel that , despite the quality many offer , eps just are not worth it . sam beam was clearly on a mission to change my mind , as these apparent " outtakes " from the creek drank the cradle are every bit as good as that miracle debut - if not better . i only very recently discovered iron and wine through our endless numbered days , and have since been backtracking only to see that this remarkably talented artist can do no wrong . the standout track to me is the night descending , it has the feel of a track pulled right out of the past . the other four tracks are just as excellent though , and i think sam 's managed to make an avid fan out of me . damn.. . and just when i thought there were no new artists to be excited about !
dvd neg 758.txt a french saying goes : " the more things change , the more they stay the same . " it appears that the " historical " epic film of yesteryear is still much like that of today in that " poetic " license is taken to the extreme in passing outright lies and fabrications as truth . one of the things that really turned my stomach watching this is d w griffith 's emphasis at least twice during the film that he did not intend to offend any race but wanted to show historical events and yet goes on to portray outright falsehoods as truth . firstly , we all know that this cameron dude did not start the kkk and that this organisation has its roots in indiana and not south carolina . secondly , the kkk is not the defender of the south and there is no need to " purify " the race as is portrayed here the exact words used by d w is " preserve the aryan race . " modern science , using cutting edge dna research has already proved that we all come from the same african man about 60 , 000 years ago and so any racial distinctions are not only ethically wrong but factually wrong as well . like it or not , we are all related and separated only by about 2000 generations despite our seemingly outward physical differences and have a common ancestor . some of the portrayals of blacks as alcoholics and white women predators with behaviours more akin to monkeys i found extremely revolting and shocking and leaves me completely unsurprised that riots and lynchings quickly followed the screenings of this movie . yes , this movie may have been the first feature length movie that used a number of novel techniques but does this excuse the content ? this is not akin to an einstein discovering relativity folks ; every single " good " thing about this movie would have been " discovered / invented " with or without d w . eventually and very probably very soon after . every one of the techniques used would have eventually been used by any of the later , talented directors of the time . the overall lies , attempts to justify racism and the murderous kkk more than make this film fit for the dust bin than for immortality in movie 's great hall of fame . they say that racists are not born but bred ; this is why i 'm not at all surprised at what d w griffith has done here . his father was considered a " hero " of the confederate army where he served as a colonel . i 'm sure as a bitter loser of the great war , he must have taught his son his belief system and how to be a great racist . this movie has not been preserved all that well with many scenes being either too bright or too dark and the soundtrack is too loud and it 's quite irritating to have to keep hearing mendelssohn 's overtures over and over again . in conclusion , the question this movie raises is does freedom of expression mean it 's okay to make a mockery of history to further a racist directors ' world view ? also , do you buy the fact that just because this is the first movie that 's longer than an hour mean that this should be revered for all time despite its extremely offensive and destructive message ? like i said before none of the " techniques " that this film claims to have " discovered " are earth-shattering discoveries that would have required a genius to uncover anyway . so the bottom line is we have here an extremely racist and hate-inducing film that caused a lot more damage than good ; d w griffith 's legacy / mess
dvd pos 485.txt the musical was a virtual voyage back to my childhood when i saw it for the first time . my husband is no " square " and he enjoyed it all . seniors would love to see it again . the film was obviously preserved well and the color was enriched beautifully for this dvd
camera neg 961.txt after discovering that the makers of a great camera would only offer such an inferior case , i did some more looking . what i ended up with was a pelican case . for those not familiar with these cases stop by any camera / photo shop , and they most likely carry them . they come in many sizes and are simply an airtight , waterproof high impact plastic case with very snug fitting latches . the inside is solid soft foam that you & quot ; pluck&quot ; to fit what ever you want to store in the case . i purchased the 1300 for my finepix 3800. the case easily holds the camera , battery charger , mini tripod , and 3 xd cards . they come in 4 or 5 colors , and can be used for almost anything you want to protect from damage
health pos 639.txt i love these little bibs . i say little , because even though they are the size of regular cloth bibs , the big size bibsters , which i also bought , are huge , and cover my 9mo . old baby to almost past his diapers . i was reluctant to buy bibsters at first , because they seemed such a waste of material being disposable - and i guess they are- - however , they serve a good purpose in that they are extremely light and thin and fully waterproof , so that my super-drooler does n't get his outfits totally wet like he does with his cloth bibs , which i 'm frequently switching out . bibsters are also very easy to pack into the diaper bag , and i 'm never without a bib . i 've also been using the big size bibsters on my 2yr old in the car , for random snack spills . these are not really reusable , but i sometimes do use them for 2 meals , depending on how clean they are . the price was right when amazon grocery had the spend 50 get 10 dea
camera pos 192.txt although this is a good batch of accessories , the camera case itself is a little unhandy at times . it has no carry strap - - the camera strap sticks out through a slit in the top . so , if you want to carry the case by a strap and you decide to take a picture , you must open the case , pull the camera 's strap through the slit , then lift the camera out . it would not keep me from buying this but it does make it unhandy
health neg 650.txt this thing does n't massage , just vibrate , and two of the motors died quickly . although the product is supposed to be covered by 2 year warrenty , the customer service is non-existent . stay away from this , definitely not worth the money
software neg 13.txt i assumed , incorrectly , that adobe 's customer service would be professional and quick . i have called three times in the past two weeks and have had to wait , at a minimum , 23 minutes just to speak to someone . when i finally got my product , they sent the mac verion rather than the pc version i purchased . i called again and waited approximately 30 minutes to get customer help . i had originally ordered the pc standard version and asked to upgrade ( and pay difference ) for the professional version - - since i still had n't received the pc version . customer service stated that they would only ship me the standard version to replace the incorrectly shipped mac version and then i would have to wait for the standard verison to arrive at which point i could call again , and ask to exchange for the professional verion - insane ! ! ! adobe 's call center is easily the worst customer service i have dealt with - - and i 've dealt with some bad customer service
dvd neg 587.txt that 's all i could think of when my family and i sat down to watch this movie together . we had told the story to our children about the miraculous staircase built without nails in a small chapel in santa fe . the story itself is so powerful and moving . built in the 1870s , the chapel was nearly complete when it became apparent the choir loft stairs would not fit . the sisters ' prayed a novena to st. joseph and on the ninth day their prayers were answered when a mysterious carpenter arrived , built the " miraculous " staircase , and then disappeared without being paid . the staircase is a double helix with no visible support . it 's 23 feet tall and makes two 360 degree spirals , and the wood used is not a known wood in any area near santa fee ! this movie however is about a mother superior who has faith but harbors real resentment towards indians and also likes to curse ( how this has anything to do with the actual story i still have no idea ! ) . at one point when a nun is " shocked " to hear mother curse mother surperior responds " oh margret get off the cross and get down here with the rest of us " . when the mysterious carpenter shows up and starts to build the staircase , the architect and the contractor decide that this is a bad thing and threaten to kill the carpenter . meanwhile this carpenter who is sent by " god " builds the staircase with wood that does n't work , is arrested after being falsly accused of attempted murder , and leaves everyone to believe vandalls destroyed the staircase when in fact he originally destroyed it before rebuilding it better . in the end the staircase is built and this mother superior ( who is on death 's door ) is so moved that she literally crawls up the staircase in a very " weird " / " uncomfortable " scene until she reaches the choir loft and dies . wow , inspiring . the best thing i could think of is this director and writer took a wonderful and moving story and turned it into a hollywood flop . this was obviously written , directed , and produced by people who have no idea how the staircase was built but are pretty darn sure it was n't a miracle because hey , miracles just do n't happen . the acting was pretty good but the story was junk . unfortunately i bought this movie . if you are looking for a true inspirational movie that you can watch with your family , rent or buy mother theresa with olivia hussey . hands down the best saints movie every filmed . half way through the movie my 5 year old says out loud " wow , she really cares about everybody ! " inspirational movie , compared to this disappointment
dvd pos 513.txt truth be told , i should probably give this film only four stars because it does take a while to really get going and i think some of the story elements could have been presented more effectively . when this thing gets going , though , the descent easily attains not-to-be-missed status , and on top of all the incredible special effects , oppressive atmosphere , and grievous bloodletting ( made with a pretty limited budget , by the way ) , one of the most important plot points of the story is actually brought home in an impressively subtle manner . are you kidding me ? blood , gore , a claustrophobic atmosphere like you would n't believe - and subtlety ? how could i not give the descent five stars ? so you 've got these young british women who like to get together once a year and engage in some sort of risky , extreme activity . white water rafting , for example . everyone has fun , but then a horrible automobile accident changes the life of one of the women , sarah ( shauna macdonald ) , forever . still recovering from her terrible loss , sarah joins her friend beth ( alex reid ) in america , where mutual friend juno ( natalie mendoza ) , an alpha female if there ever was one , has staked out a cave system just begging to be explored . joining in the fun are holly ( nora-jane noone ) , juno 's new gung-ho sidekick , and a couple of sisters who round out the spelunking sextet . the movie drags a good bit as we sit and watch the girls arrive at their destination in the appalachians ( apparently somewhere in the north carolina mountains - although the movie was filmed entirely in the uk ) , then do their bonding thing the night before the big adventure . once they descend into the cave system , though , things start getting more intense fairly quickly . their first real move down into the complex of cave structures turns into quite a tight and claustrophobic ordeal , especially for sarah who gets stuck and is barely pulled to safety before the tunnel collapses . that 's when juno , a woman with more than her fair share of secrets , admits that she has led the girls into a cave system that has never been explored before , supposedly to help reunite the group . well , it does just the opposite , but they just have to keep going . if there is a way out , they 're going to have to find it the hard way . things are already creepy enough at this point . the filmmakers did an incredible job with the sets , making the viewer feel as if he / she is trapped in a real cave system with the characters . just watching these girls pull their bodies through extremely tight , dark spaces was enough to get me feeling pretty darn claustrophobic . but the real fun was just about to begin . in the wake of one of the most realistic compound leg fracture scenes you 'll ever want to squirm through , sarah spots the presence of someone or something else down there with them . no one believes her - at first . when the " crawlers " attack , though , all hell breaks loose two miles under ground . these gollum-like creatures are some kind of blind , albino humanoids who hunt by sound , can scamper and climb like monkeys , move unbelievably quickly , and really tear into whatever flesh they can find . not only are they frighteningly impressive in and of themselves , the filmmakers present them in the most effective of cinematic light . and when the girls fight back , it 's cinematic magic as the filmmakers hold nothing back in the creepy , bloody , gruesome department . and even as characters are fighting for their lives , a personal bombshell or two also drops to ratchet up the frenetic drama level even higher . the ending is a little controversial because american theatrical audiences did n't get to see the true final scene of the film , for some pretty questionable reasons . a few seconds can and do make a pretty big difference . do n't worry , though , as the dvd has both endings available . the descent draws deeply from the well of man 's most instinctual fears , making it one of the most atmospheric , heart-pounding movies to come along in quite a while . the subtlety of the story in terms of the relationship between sarah and juno is almost as impressive as the cinematography and sound work - and it even leaves room for an alternate explanation of everything that happens here . the descent has everything you could ever ask for in a horror film - and plenty more on top of that . if you care the first thing about horror , you must see this atmospheric tour de force
camera neg 878.txt the reviews are worthless unless the writer mentions the model of device they are using the batteries for . fifty percent of the reviews here do n't mention what they were using the batteries for . do this service justice and mention the type and model equipment for which the battereis are utilized
books neg 286.txt my mother bought this for me for christmas . she used the " available new and used " section to get it a little cheaper . she ended up paying $160 or so . when i put this on my wish list i thought that this hardcover version would be the arabic-english / english-arabic , considering that it was $175 and the paperback of the arabic-english only was available for $45. as it turns out , this is only the hardcover of the arabic-english only . so for one , my mother paid an additional $115 for only the hardcover version of a book that i could have gotten in the paperback for $45. i still do not have the english-arabic of the hans wehr edition
software neg 629.txt like some of the other reviews , i loved cool edit pro . then adobe got a hold of it and royally screwed it up with 2.0. i use this program often and tried to give it a chance . no way around it , it sucks now . i am going to use sonar , a much better product . the only thing i like about 2.0 is that you can burn to a disc from audition . that is the only reason why i gave it one star . this is not a user friendly program
software pos 138.txt i love this adobe product . it works very well for me - only a couple of minor glitches - it keeps asking me to re-register - but that 's only a minor annoyance . overall it is a very good product
books pos 323.txt addressing as it does issues of cognition , language usage and acquisition , evolutionary biology and innate versus learned behavior , this work is relevant to many of the great intellectual debates of our time . it is very readable for the most part , although if some of the topics are new to you then you will find a few sections rather heavy going . more illustrations would have helped here . there are syntax structure diagrams and one very grudging , cursory sketch of the language centers of the brain , but many sections cry out for a diagram among all the verbiage . pinker 's lively , humorous style is often commented on but i sometimes found it wearing . he will illustrate a point with an amusing newspaper cutting , then list a few more , then add " i could not resist some more.. . " and so on . i sometimes wished he would just get on with it . a major problem with his nativist approach , which other reviewers have commented on , is that many examples he lists of usages that english speakers would never employ are nothing of the kind . most of them are conceivable and since the first publication of this book , linguists have been busy recording them in the field . the thesis also becomes somewhat unraveled in the penultimate chapter , where he argues that ' you and i ' and ' you and me ' are equally correct in all circumstances , because ' the pronoun is free to have any case it wants' . but if this is so then what has become of the innate awareness of correct usage that the whole theory is about ? if ' between you and i ' sounds instinctively wrong to me and ' between you and me ' sounds instinctively wrong to someone else , does that mean one of us has a mutant grammar gene ? i doubt it . the title itself is problematic . ' instinct ' is not a word much in favor among biologists nowadays and whatever language is , it is certainly not instinctive in the traditional sense . early in the book , pinker admits as much , but determines to use the word anyway , a use that owes more to marketing than to science . still , this is probably the best introductory linguistics text currently available . if you are new to linguistics , start here rather than with chomsky , but please go on to read geoffrey sampson 's work , perhaps starting with his website , to get an alternative view . as with most academic disputes , the answer no doubt lies somewhere in the middle . since chomsky 's early work , the nativists have toned down their claims considerably , while their opponents have made concessions . on page 34 of this book , pinker says , " no one has yet located a language organ or a grammar gene , but the search is on . " more than a decade later , the search is still on . good luck with that .
software pos 153.txt absolutely the easiest upgrade of a microsoft os that i 've ever done , & as a retired hardware engineer , i 've done a lot in the past . it 's one sweet os
camera pos 935.txt great little camera case . has a main pocket for the camera and a second smaller pocket to hold batteries and memory stick . it 's well made ballistic nylon - very durable . attaches to belt or sholder strap
health neg 78.txt although i have used many electronic cuff devices in the past , this is one of the worst at providing accurate readings . firstly , the cuff is not adequate for very small or larger wrists and the readings are often lower than what you would get if the blood pressure were taken manually the traditional way . in a clinical setting , it is important that you get adequate readings so that the patient can receive the proper treatment based on their readings . it is imperative since you may or may not give medication depending on what you recive via the blood pressure measurement . i have taken a blood pressure manually after getting what i considered a questionable reading only to discover that the wrist blood pressure was far too low and more aggressive measures had to be taken because of the data that was retrieved the old fashioned way . imagine had i taken the initial reading as truth and the patient may have had a stroke as a result . as a rule , i never recommend using these devices for at home use because of the risk of false readings . many people who suffer from hypertension feel that this is a good way of monitoring their blood pressure when in actuality it is giving them a false sense of security . if you are considering buying this product for at home use or for use in a clinical setting , please ask your doctor or nurse for their opinions .
music pos 813.txt i have been hankering after this great album on cd for a long time now . imagine my surprise to suddenly find out that it is available . surprise turned to shock when i saw the price . does the company that produces this cd not realise that are people all around the world ( including south africa where i live ) who are very keen on this album ? at this stage though , it is only the very wealthy that can afford it .
dvd pos 380.txt you gotta get the whole series....you ca n't just get one or two dvds...you need the whole thing , trust me . once you start you gotta go all the way to the end
music pos 468.txt i finally got this cd , i have been looking for this cd for awhile now , a great by well worth it
camera pos 287.txt for the price and quality i rated this lenses with 5 stars . if you really want to see how good this lens are see the photos i took in europe . i too around 5000 photos . i posted a few on the web ( see link below ) . for the price i recommend this lens as walk around lens . the zoom is pretty usefull they are very realiable and ( almost ) very sharp . get this lens instead of the kit lens ( 18-55 mm ) until you are ready to spend more . here are some of my pictures taken in europe with this lens ( images have been compressed ) : http : / / www.laplazita.net / europa /
software neg 114.txt this dictionary is not for the person who english is his second language . it does not have enough sentence examples to let you know how to use each entry word . in addtion , the micro does n't work well with ms word .
camera neg 922.txt this camera is a waste of money and should be taken off the market . after purchase we were never able to retreive pictures . the computer would recognize the camera but stated that no pictures were available to download . it not only is difficult to use but not even an adult could figure out how to take a picture and this product is made for a child . the instructions are complicated and eventually you give up . even putting in the batteries is complicated and you need a screwdriver ( the smallest one you can find ) to achieve it . unfortunately , i have wasted my money but luckily you do n't have to
health neg 522.txt i had to return my recent purchase due to a defect . i have used waterpik dental water jets for many , many years and typically have to replace every two or three years . i was disappointed to receive a defective product but began shopping locally for another dental water jet . i purchased the waterpik ultra , and i am pleased with the design , size and operation thus far . i just hope waterpik can maintain quality of their products and that my current purchase will provide another two to three years of service
camera pos 447.txt at 10mp , this camera takes some of the clearest and visually stunning pictures i have ever taken with a digital camera . the clarity and detail alone are reason to get this camera . the display , although pooh-poohed by others as too small , is quite large to me . the cameras small , lithe design is another selling point . nothing bulky about this camera . you can put it in your front pants-pocket if you needed to . do yourself a favor and get this camera . you wo n't regret it .
software pos 426.txt this is the most technically excellent racing sim i have played . the physics are perfect , the graphics are pleasing , and there is a wide variety of tracks and cars . the learning curve can be very steep , but you can adjust the ai to suit your needs . you can also turn on traction control , steering aids , etc. , which will get you into the game faster . after a couple months , you 'll be good enough to turn these aids off and drive the cars the way they are meant to be driven . there is also a comprehensive driving school which will train you in the basics of racing . if you want a realistic racer , buy this game
camera pos 291.txt this seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer . basically it 's the shape of an open box that slides firmly onto the flash . it is small and sturdy enough to stash in your camera bag without worrying about damage . when used the light disperses more evenly and is less harsh on the subject being photographed . the white box is for general use . also available are the green omni-bounce for florescent lighting and the gold omni-bounce for a warming effect . pros : inexpensive solution for better flash photography . a quality product that works . cons : non
health pos 362.txt my bedroom receives an inordinate amount of morning light and , being a light sleeper , i 've tried numerous ways to protect my slumber . it does n't help that my husband ( god love him ) snores as loud as a small jet plane . i 've tried silicone ear plugs and satin eye masks only to find that the plugs make me feel like i have a head cold and the masks leave unwanted gaps that let in the light . i received the tranquility zone eye mask for a birthday present and i could hardly wait to try it . i love this thing ! it 's thick and large enough to block out all of the light and , due to the design , the mask is positioned perfectly over my ears . the sounds are pleasant ( i 'm a big fan of the " babbling brook " track ) and i love being able to plug my mp3 player in so i can listen to my own nature-sounds tracks , too . i 've given this 5 stars because there 's no option for 4.5. in all honesty , there are a few drawbacks . first , when i say this is thick i 'm not kidding . without my a / c in the summer it might get a bit warm . second , the sound clips themselves are on very short loops.. . so if you have a brain like mine that tunes in to what you 're hearing you 'll notice that the clip repeats itself every 5 seconds or so . were it not for this i 'd be a bigger fan of the first track - - the one that sounds like you 're in a forest - - but i get distracted ( and awakened ) by hearing that bird sound that comes closer then fades . even with these things in mind , i have to say i have n't slept this well in years . i love this thing , and i wish i 'd found it earlier . in fact , i love it so much i 've given it as a gift to two friends who 'd tried on my mask while they were visiting and fell in love with it , too
books neg 362.txt this book is outdated for the 21st century . the basics are there and in great detail but most of the information is useless for today
camera neg 943.txt i measured 7 batteries out of the pack of 20 with la crosse charger , which i also bought from amazon . the capacity ranged from 547 mah to 2002 mah , with the average being 886 mah . that 's about a third of the stated capacity . before i took the measurements , i made sure the charger works properly by testing it with two different brands of aa nimh batteries : la crosse and energizer . both scored very close to their stated capacity . therefore , the test is valid and sunpak 's claim of 2650 mah is grossly overstated . my advice : avoid sunpak like the plague !
music neg 38.txt if any kid music annoys you , this cd is not for you . these are good old classic songs , but almost ruined with strange styles and irrelevant talking to intro the songs . i 'm throwing it away . i want my two-year-old to know the songs i know and love , but this was a bad buy on my part .
music neg 230.txt i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of " mr. show " . it was the only reason i kept my hbo subscription . it 's hard for me to believe that the same talent that created " mr. show " produced this weak offering . might be the least funny comedy cd i 've ever heard . virtually all the material in the album has been done before , and much better , by other comedians . most of the bits just lay there and die . mr. cross seems to realize this and tries to make up for it by saying f*ck a lot . sorry , it just does n't work . do n't waste you money on this one . get the " mr. show " dvds instead and forget this ever existed .
software neg 637.txt this is by far the most basic editing / creative package that i have ever used . i have been using every version of print shop since some of their early versions . i have print shop 22 and was haveing issues with printing in ms vista . i figured that i would be able to purchase one of broderbund 's similar products ( one made for vista ) and it would be similar in style and usage . wrong . i was not able to import other print shop projects , printing is limited , no drag and drop feature from other programs , limited editing , formating of text is off when copying from one document to another , sizing pictures and text boxes while editing projects is limited to dragging corners only , and on-and-on . i tried to use broderbund 's tech support page , but it is very limited to their faq section . try asking a question or emailing for help ; good luck . i will fumble with this product for awhile ( only because i can print more than one page at a time , because ps 22 in vista only allows for this ) and wait until the next compatible version of ps comes out for windows vista . i would have thought there would of at least been a patch by now . i think they may have made zoom the way it is now to allow for newer , better versions . i hope this helps.. .
music neg 160.txt especially when there 's a pretty girl invovled but this is just dreadful . the songs are so cheesy , her voice is out of place in half the songs . it 's whiny , irritating , dull and at this point , i 'm not sure who 's more talented , her or her sister . they got the looks , sure , but there 's lots of pretty girls in this world , does n't mean they deserve a singing contract just to look hot on the cover of the cd . & that 's the only thing that intrigued me to listening to this album . & i 'm sorry jes , but maybe u really are as brain dead as people say
books neg 909.txt same old gw bunch of ridiculous opinions . i thought this one might be better , but no.. . now even pine is n't good enough - it has to be 100 year old pine
music pos 940.txt the cd is truly the very best of bobby vee 's works . a delightful cd . even my college age children enjoy the music . really worth the money
books neg 182.txt being a second generation member of this so called " cult " and having parents that went through the same situation as the author , i can say that he must have too weak to fulfill his duty to god and true parents...it 's very sad when a member must leave . by sacrifcing you are able to develop a stronger relationship with god . hope this helps. .
music pos 934.txt this is by far the best psychopathic album ever released . riddlebox is now in second place . madrox schools ever other artist on psychopathic with this album . beats are bangin ' and lyrics are flawless ! great flows and he mixes funny with wicked . best songs are this b*tch and hey phatty . great album by the best rapper of our time . madrox is so under rated . i wish for his sake he would blow up huge but not lose his soul in the process . buy this album , best rap album ever made
music neg 198.txt boo-wop ? haha ok , anyways i bought his through middle-piller distro . and it 's got a couple of o.k. songs on it . the problem is the singing and the overall production . this is definetely a home-recording on computer deal . the vocals are waaaaay weak . what exactly is a " re-worked " debut album ? ? ? i thought once an album was out it was done , set in stone ? apparently not , so mister monster gets to pull a blitzkid ( who changed their first album cover years after it came out ! ) and take the cheezy way out . a definete step up from bands like blitzkid , but still in the cellar of rock n roll . do yourself a favor and buy some good old deathrock from the golden years
camera neg 780.txt poor and slow focus and flash . thought nikon had a good name.......wrong if you like this camera it must be you first digital
health pos 742.txt i am so happy with aquasana shower filter . i live in a building where the water is so harsh and sometimes discolored . as a consequence , my skin shortly turned dry and i continuously got skin problems . i even thought about buying drinking water to clean my face everyday . now that i have found aquasana , i feel so happy . it does what it promises . i could feel the smoother skin by just using it from the first time . and it did feel like showering in natural spring water . i could n't be happier with this product
software pos 921.txt i purchased this game for my 3 year old who already reads a little and knows her numbers well . i hoped this game would help her learn addition . she loves to play it , but several of the games require hand coordination beyond her ability ( the hand cart one in particular , as noted by another reviewer ) , and catching bubbles . it was frustrating to me because she knew the proper answer but could not " execute " because her movements were too slow . over time , she has improved enough to play most of the games on level one . the game is very engaging ang the graphics well-done , but the educational part is under-emphasized . the game that " teaches " addition involves frogs jumping to lily-pads and my daughter is so focused on the frogs that the addition lesson is hardly noticed
books pos 394.txt i am an avid reader of books of biblical prophecy , and i feel that clarence larkin 's & quot ; the book of revelation&quot ; is the best on the book of revelation . mr. larkin provides charts for the student , and does verse by verse analysis of the book . if you want to study the book of revelation . i would submit clarence larkin 's & quot ; the book of revelation&quot ; as your first tool of study
dvd neg 289.txt i 'm a big fan of the sopranos so obviously the f word does n't bother me but this entire series seems like an excuse to show cowboys say the f word and mf . the stories and characters are superficial , boring and unintelligent . people who like this show are the same people who think that what makes the sopranos a great show is because people get " whacked " a lot .
dvd pos 591.txt this jet li movie is thus far the best movie since shaolin temple as younger jet li . its awesome surreal fighting creates this epic feel to the whole genre of martial arts fighting . jet li has never been so swift and so passionate in this movie . it has laughter , suspense , compassion , and innocense . the most spectacular scene is the dual fights with his son doing foot to shoulder cambat against the witches pawn . this film is highly recommended to those who love jet li and crouching tiger , hidden dragon . an excellent movie to add to the jet li collection
health pos 313.txt just received it and used it and can only say it is the greatest shaver ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the closest shave , no razor burn , fastest shave yet and very quite . thank you norelco for this great saver . j
music pos 972.txt this collection of italian cello sonatas by the great janos starker is one of the most delightful chamber albums i own . the world renowned cellist was joined on this 1966 recording by pianist stephen swedish on five of the selections , and by his frequent collaborator gyorgy sebok on the bach sonata in g minor , which was recorded in 1963 and added to this collection to increase its length ( it is a welcome addition musically too ) . the selections here range from famous composers like bach , boccherini and vivaldi , to the lesser known corelli , locatelli and valentini . for me , the common thread of this recording is the passionate performances of starker . whether it is the happy bounce of the vivaldi allegro , the sublime rendering of the boccherini adagio , or the precise interplay with sebok on the bach sonata , starker plays masterfully and his cello is captured in rich , full sound by the mercury living presence recording technique . this is an excellent purchase for all cello enthusiasts
health neg 167.txt this morning i spilled coffee on my " million dollar " white dress shirt . it left me with three large coffer stains . i remembered that i had my tide to go in the car . after drenching the stains with the solution and rubbing them per the directions , most of the coffee stains had disappeared....what remained , however , were large coffee colored rings at the edges of where the solution had spread . so , most of the coffee stain was gone , but i 'm left with the unsightly rings...not quite as noticeable , but there 're still there .
health neg 736.txt same as the other review . the thermometer will not turn on . i wo n't change the battery because i do n't think i should have to pay for it if i bought a brand new product . i will return it and buy a better thermometer
dvd pos 447.txt i have not gotten into watching the dvd as of yet because i am still watching the reruns on tv , but i know i have no qualms with the dvd . i have bought all the series thus far . it is a collection to have in your library if you are indeed a fan
camera pos 886.txt this is a camera that is very very easy to use . i was amazed by the colour quality even at a very low light . i took a movie at my nephew 's theater play and i am the contrasts and crispness of the picture are just perfect . the zoom is also very clear and crisp . putting it onto my imovie was also a piece of cake . the only down point is that the still image mode is worthless , but if you need that you should buy the next level up which has a memory card slot . i highly recommend this camer
software pos 604.txt inport , excellent job , i love the product and would highly recommend it to anyone . i 've had several hundred lps sitting in boxes in the basement for years and now i 'm rediscovering that music all over again as i transfer the lps to the digital age . the quality of the transfer is very good ( imo ) . for example , i was playing back so . central rain ( early rem ) in itunes and noticed that i had purchased the song on itunes about a year ago . except for an opening click on the lp version , its very hard to tell the difference between the two . my only minor negative ( or really , feature request ) would be for lpripper to somehow integrate and automate song titles from the albums so that i do n't have to type them all in .
health pos 813.txt this is the longest period of time that my husband has kept a pair of reading glasses . the click readers loop around his neck and are always there when he needs them . he gets lots of comments about how neat they are
health neg 590.txt it was so so , and didnt see any real results . but it was definently better than tend skin or mi
software pos 265.txt as prommised , new in box . shipped immediately . excellent price , good service and good first experience
books neg 508.txt i 'm a wiccan who formally practices within a traditional gardnerian coven , but practices eclectically within my private practice . i read this book because i had heard that it was recommended to my local library by a christian ; purportedly , wicca 's charm was written by an impartial writer . immediately , you realize that this is n't true . catherine sanders has a clearly stated agenda : that wiccans are simply misguided and misunderstand that what they long for is offered by christianity . i could write a long review debating the merits of sanders ' arguments . instead , i suggest that you consider this if deciding whether to read this book which sanders claims to have thoroughly researched . she relies on the writings of margot adler , carol christ , starhawk and phyllis curott ( with barely a nod to scott cunningham and ronald hutton ) to draw many of her conclusions . yet , missing from her notes are such writers as the farrars , merlin stone , raymond buckland , isaac bonewits , patricia crowley , and the matthews , to name just a few outstanding contributors to neopaganism 's base of knowledge . too often , sanders relies on the statements of young wiccans she interviewed who come across as silly and naive . in another case , she bases her thesis that women 's spirituality ( e.g. , goddess worship ) is misguided and that christianity fits the same spiritual needs that women are seeking via one speech that she heard margot adler give shortly after 9 / 11. sanders requests both christians and neopagans to read her book with an open mind . a fair request . but as you 're reading , closely check out her endnotes and analyze for yourself if this book was truly researched with objectivity in mind , or whether sanders limited herself to sources that would support her belief that christianity has everything that a wiccan desires . one needs to go no further than to consider that as sanders attempts to persuade the reader that christianity has always embraced the value of women that not once does she analyze the epistles of paul .
music neg 132.txt i ca n't beleive this guy 's arrogance to try and re-record songs that are essentially and always will be sinatra 's domain . any idiot will tell you that once sinatra got hold of a song it was and always will be identified with him . fact . ask tony bennett or any other great singers and they will tell you . sinatra is the voice and then this upstart thinks he can do better . not only does he murder ' a very good year ' but also attempts ( badly ) ' mr . bojangles ' even attempting to ape sammy davis 's mannerisms . i had the misfortune to hear this once and came to the conclusion that is was a ) a joke or b ) a blantant attempt by williams to crossover to boarder appeal . now i see it actually meant it . robbie you will never be able to sing standards and please do n't attempt the rodgers and hart songbook ( though i suspect you will if your latest album bombs ) your voice is flat most of the time and your attempts to look cool on the cover ca n't cover up your mediocrity . the only time i 'd like to see you swing is from a lamppost . stick with ' songs for swinging lovers''come fly with me ' to hear the real thing . an insult to classic songs
dvd pos 201.txt i am a huge muppet fan , and was very excited to have the opportunity to get a newer , remastered version of this classic . while the quality is not too much better than the original dvd release , it is definitely worth adding to your collection , especially if you do n't have any version of the movie yet !
music pos 82.txt i had originally heard " drive away " on a radio station and i was instantly blown away . upon seeing the music video for it , i decided to buy the cd . i was hardly disappointed . the emotion that goes into the cd is amazing and it 's definitly a cd to sit down and enjoy . i saw the band in concert and met jonah after the show and was amazed by how down to earth he was . give gratitude a chance and you wo n't be disappointed .
music neg 113.txt anyone ever see any of these rap " artists " perform live ? they 're the most boring , derivative " entertainers " in the world . they walk up and down the stage grabbing their crotch and yell their lyrics . they go from talking on records to yelling on stage . quite a stretch . all this is done with about thirty of their no-name friends prancing around stage with microphones saying " yeah ! " " uh-huh ! " " what ! " " that 's right ! " " uh ! " etc. get real . meanwhile , the only " music " provided is a backing track cued by some dude backstage . it makes for the most dull , predictable " concert " you 'll ever see . i ca n't wait until all this nonsense just disappears . in a world of common sense , these idiots would still be flipping burgers at mcdonald's .
books pos 830.txt started out a bit slow and built into a real action packed thriller . several times i found myself saying , " oh yuk ! " nevertheless the story line was fabulously interesting and you 'll fall in love especially with thomas , a down syndrome young man with a special gift . this is another great story by koontz .
camera pos 147.txt i got this camera for my 17th birthday last summer , and it 's great . as much as i 'd love to have a canon powershot , it 's a bit out of my price range . all the people who think that using the lcd screen runs out the batteries after & quot ; 2-4 pictures&quot ; are lying to you . i bought rechargable batteries from radioshack , and i 've taken up to 400 picture without the batteries needing to be changed . this is a good camera with good quality in good lighting . in dark or overcast situations , it can look a bit grainy , but that 's easily photoshopped . i recommend that when uploading , plug it into the wall with a digital camera adapter , because uploading sucks all battery power right out . i recommend this for someone who has n't owned a digital camera before , or for someone that wants good quality at a not-so-crazy price
music neg 140.txt i 've always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc 's , plus that " very best of " cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they 're putting in sheryl 's coffee . some reviewers are saying there 's " heart and soul " all over this album ? that may be , but it 's also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n't see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 's style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very " modern " graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it 's time for a new " very best of " collection )
camera pos 315.txt i mainly bought this to go on the end of the lens adapter for the s2 is . it does well to protect the lens , but you ca n't put a lens cap over it . it ends up being easier to use without the lens cap...and quicker when taking pictures . the pictures are very good through it
books neg 981.txt i was extremely disappointed with " after midnight " . the author , his widow , has written the book from her own life 's perspective , and there is sadly little about the true brad davis . his homosexuality , or perhaps bisexuality , is mentioned only in passing , and anyone in new york or hollywood that knew him will tell you that this was a huge part of his life . i guess a book written by his wife ca n't be expected to delve too deeply into this area , but even other interesting details - his drug addiction , his acting technique , etc. are only minimally suggested here . i wanted to put the book down after two chapters , but kept waiting for it to get interesting . i suggest the publishers retitle the book " my life with brad davis - the saga of a wife kept in the dark " , or something similar , to indicate to readers that this book is about susan bluestein , and tells very little about brad
books neg 89.txt it all depends on who you are if you will like this book . republicans will like it but democrats or people with brains won't .
camera neg 530.txt i own several great digital cameras . it seems like i get one for each use - one with good zoom , another camera for its good flash use in lowlight and others . this one i wanted for the high mp in a small compact size that i can put into my pocket . the first few photos were great , taken outdoors in my sunny patio . then every picture i took after that ( same settings - fine , hq , poster 10m etc.. . and vertical lines started showing on the lcd screen and the pictures were all washed out . when i download them on the computer , they look exactly that way too - with the lines and almost all white . i 've played around with the settings ( and i do know how to work them ) but still it does the same . so time to return to find a better one . that 's too bad since i read some good reviews and wanted to have it
health neg 998.txt did not work at all . i used cheaper products that i bought from walgreens and walmart that reduced the razor bumps but not completely eliminate them . since princereigns promised to be a miracle product , i bought it in hopes of completely eliminating the bumps but it did't even reduce them . complete waste of money
camera pos 678.txt this is a good battery and lasts for a long time . good value
camera pos 755.txt this 10-20mm lens is equivalent to a 15-30mm in a 35mm film camera , so it 's an ultra-wide lens at 10mm . i was pleasantly surprised at how sharp the images are from this lens ; and it 's rectilinear , which means that straight lines in real life remain straight in the photograph . it is a well-made lens , made with high-grade materials . what this lens excels at is when you want to photograph sweeping landscapes , close-quarters interior photography , and in architectural photography where you do n't mind the exaggerated converging lines that an ultrawide produces . personally , that 's what i like , so i 'm very happy with this sigma 10-20mm
dvd neg 400.txt i had high hopes for this series when i started watching it , though i guess the nonstop obscenities should have been the tip off that under all of that visual masterwork and spiritually stunning characterizations there lurked an twisted message that wasted ten hours of my life to discover . shandala is truly a wonderful character , pure and good , and the characterization of her is very tender , so by episode 21 or so the storyline actually looked like it could end hopeful and uplifting . oh , how wrong of me to think so , because for all of the philosophical and religious trappings , the message of " hope " the marketers promise is that the characters learn in the end that the villain 's demented plan to save the world is really more effective than their spiritualities and that the " truth " is that the emotional and physical torture and destruction of an innocent , good woman is the only way to save the world ! spare me . and if you think that i am disgusted by this message , just imagine what the muslims will think when they see what becomes of all of that quoting of the koran and the muslim character 's final opinions . although the story is technically good , i 'm only giving it one star for the message of despair .
books neg 469.txt i truly wanted to like this book . after years of avoidance i had just finished moby dick and found it not only more readable than i 'd feared but downright enjoyable . in addition i 'd heard nothing but good things about this novel whose premise certainly intrigued me , and like its predecessor it has one of the truly great opening lines in literature : " captain ahab was neither my first husband nor my last . " alas , it was all down hill from there ; overall this is one of the worst books i 've ever forced myself to finish . this came as quite a surprise because the author is no untalented hack . author of two other published novels and a short story collection , director of a university level creative writing program , long-term teacher of writing , and holder of a ph.d . in same , all to considerable critical acclaim , she should be correcting and grading ( failing ) garbage like this not producing it . so what went wrong ? how did this novel end up so awful ? the answer is brick by brick and piece by piece . there is no one great thing wrong with it but rather a lot of little things . length : if " brevity is the soul of wit " , this novel 's witlessness is easily explained . at 666 pages ( interesting number that ) this novel is about three times as long as it should have been . it would seem that , to some extent like melville before her , naslund confused length with importance , but melville was a lot more skilled at padding than she is . imho this desire to fill too many pages made many of the other problems worse by allowing naslund both to go into unnecessary detail about things no one else cares about and to repeat herself to the point of self-parody . somewhere under the barnacle encrustations may be the finely lined hull of a short novel , but this was a manuscript desperately in need of editing.. . with a meat axe or a chainsaw . the name dropping : one of the pleasures of any historical novel is the encounters between fictional characters and historical figures , but if badly handled these encounters can un-suspend disbelief and downright offend . they are badly handled here . an almost uneducated hick from the backwoods of kentucky encounters by chance a significant number of the thoughtful elites of mid-nineteenth century new england and those she does n't utterly charm with her brilliance and erudition she gets the better of as in her unintentionally hilarious encounter with naslund 's peculiar imagining of nathaniel hawthorne . one or two of these , developed at greater length could have added to the verisimilitude . as it is , it is a zelig or a forrest gump without the humor ( or the self-awareness ) . the politics : even the most conservative readers would probably find the popular views of a majority of mid-nineteenth century new englanders a bit disconcerting if espoused straight in a modern novel , so a certain amount of modernizing would be appropriate just to reduce the cringing . however , naslund takes this to the opposite extreme by having una espouse the politically correct view on every single controversy of the day ( and some that only exist in our significantly sillier day ) from slavery to whaling , from feminism to free love , from homosexuality to sensitivity towards the differently abled , all without consequence or even criticism . this latter is the most offputting because to have actually championed such views back then would have taken considerable courage whatever one thinks of the ideas themselves . una espouses them with all the negative consequences that naslund receives for espousing them today , which is to say : none . the anti-christian bigotry : there is nothing so very wrong with characters in a mid-nineteenth century novel exhibiting agnosticism or atheism as both views were gaining more and more credence at the time , but it is downright silly to suggest that such views would have been widely accepted . it is even sillier to portray christianity as something confined exclusively to the foolish , the bigoted , the future apostate , or the mentally ill . it tells us more about the author than anything else that una is openminded towards every religious and quasi-religious idea of the time except christianity . the farfetched scenarios : i sensed the novel was in trouble during the opening scene in which una loses both her mother and her baby but manages to withstand this blow by making friends with a runaway slave with whom she has a quasi-lesbian encounter... . after this the novel goes into flashback and becomes unrealistic . after her crazy christian father threatens to kill her ( a sentiment the reader will come to know and understand ) , una is raised in a lighthouse by her ludicrously liberal-minded aunt and uncle , encounters two young men who both fall in love with her , disguises herself as a cabin boy and sails on the same whaler with them , successfully avoids detection , is sunk by a whale , survives by committing cannibalism , marries the surviving young man after he goes insane , and is abandoned by him after he goes to live with the indians , leaving her free to " marry " captain ahab ( una never really " marries " anybody but of course nobody ever criticizes ) . things do n't get more realistic in the second half , which includes una 's clever and successful investment in the crazy newfangled idea of obtaining oil from the ground instead of from a whale . riiiight . the mary sue : however , the absolute worst thing about this novel is the fact that it is a " mary sue " that peculiarity of fan fiction in which a laughably idealized and practically perfect in every way alter ego of the author fulfills some basic psychological need while inducing a combination of anger and nausea in the reader . a more realistic main character might have saved it . una never learns anything from her life 's too-many-to-be-believed experiences because she already knows everything . she does n't change because she is already perfect . she does n't have to deal with the criticism of others because she does n't receive any , and she does n't have to beg the forgiveness of those she has wronged because they forgive her so easily and besides , una had her reasons ( and they were very good ones you can be sure ) . the only thing i can figure is that her publisher approved this book on concept alone without anyone ever reading it . i feel like i 've just waded through the inept scribbling of a delusional teenage girl who insists on rereading moby dick in her bedroom.. . with the door locked .
music neg 628.txt imagine buying this cd after seeing " the mirror has two faces " fully expecting the soundtrack music to the movie , and reading overall great reviews on amazon . imagine the shock of receiving the cd and the surprise of hearing 20 brief cuts of plain instrumental music out of the 24 cuts - the remaining 4 cuts contained very short lines of verse . perhaps barbara , with her tremendous unlimited wealth , felt she would be giving away a " free album " to the masses if the soundtrack contained the vocals in the film . shameless misrepresentation
health neg 557.txt the reviewer who compared the massage feature to that of a cell phone perhaps said it best , so suffice it to say that one can essentially ignore that aspect of the unit [i might even liken the vibrations to those of an injured ( and no longer airborne ) housefly buzzing in circles]. with respect to the heat ( ing ) , it does perform better , but is by no means stellar . the pro 's are its design for moisture , a better-than-average fabric / material - which holds its shape fairly well and the auto shut-off . the con 's include , as others have said , a huge ac-dc plug / power pack , no apparent ability to wash the darn thing , only modest heat , annoying velcro straps , a two-part power cord that not only must be taped to keep together , but ca n't be removed from the main pad for washing and , perhaps most significantly , the fact that mine died after approx . 18 months ( which , incidentally , raises yet another detractor ; the warranty is only a year , much less than many other brands )
music neg 810.txt mindless jock rock masterminded by a dope fiend . this kind of crap could n't even sell a can of coke these days . choreographed crunches of noise as lame as a crackhead on crutches . i hear scott weiland kept a billy goat in his trailer during the making of this snoozer - - and that when recording was all done the goat was nowhere to be found , but scotty was sporting a fresh new goatie
health pos 750.txt i first used this product when i got a straight razor shave in a men 's salon awhile back . it really made for a smooth shave , which you definitely need when getting a straight razor shave . by the way , i do n't recommend getting a straight razor shave on your wedding day as i foolishly did . your face will be very sore . it took me 10 years before i got another straight razor shave , and i hated it as much as the first time . i 'll never get another . however , this oil product made the shave tolerable , and it makes daily shaving fantastic . this combined with the aftershave moisturizer makes for an incredible shave . it 's amazing how soft your skin feels afterward . buy the oil and the moisturizing aftershave , and you wo n't be disappointed
dvd pos 25.txt feeding the cat...those girls shold put on a sweater . love this movie , 50 's detective noir set in 70 's california . the beach , the hospital , mexico , the supermarket , it 's all great - and the theme song keeps going throughout over and over . final scene pays homage to the third man , beautiful . a bit of violence , but " that 's how i treat someone i love , and i do n't even like you " . never seen an elliot gould movie i like more than this , & it 's my favorite altman as well
music neg 468.txt yes yes we all know the mega hit when i see you smile . but it would be unfair to put this album into the one hit wonder basket and instead review it as a whole . the band hits gear pretty early with best of what i got but after that it 's pretty bad . how possession ever became a hit i 've not idea . well , where i come from it did n't , but in the us this mob had a string of soppy power ballad hits . the production is good but the fire goes out for most of the album . neil schon is a great guitarist but it was the late 80 's and the guy obviously knew what he had to do for a decent paycheck . besides , he probably wanted some revenge on steve perry so he really wanted to make some cash . pity , listen to some of the guitar licks here and there is a decent hard rock album in the man . rockin ' horse for example . an interesting additin to the aor landscape , and some of the music is lively . but when the whole thing has as much heft as a lettuce leaf it just does n't get my vote . even my devoted aor fan girlfriend of the time only liked the one track ( we all know which one ) . but hey , if aor is your bag you could do a lot worse
health pos 735.txt this is a truly amazing deal from amazon , where i also received free priority mail shipping . the photo does not display all that you will get . you will receive 6 boxes of q-tips cotton swabs , totaling an ammazing 3 , 500 q-tips in all . i will never ever have to purchase another q-tip as long as i live ! ! ! ! ! what a fantastic deal from amazon !
dvd neg 260.txt i saw this movie and was shocked at the contents , considering that it was aimed at children . it starts out with the gypsy esmeralda doing a very provocative stripper style pole dance . while no stripping happened , there was n't much other difference in the style of dance . later in the movie , one of the men is obsessing over her in a manner i would never want my children to see . he sings a song about how she will burn in hell if he does n't have her , and meanwhile a vision of her provocative dancing is playing out in the flames of a fire . regardless of the rest of the movie , these two scenes make this highly innapropriate for children . not to mention that the story is very untrue to the novel , which had a tragic ending rather than a happy ever after one .
books pos 750.txt as a 6th grader i think i had this book permanently checked out of my school 's library for the entire year . great adventure and suspense , a fascinating look into another culture , an extraordinarily brave girl and her love for her dog , and a deeply satisfying ending - - a perfect combination . i 'm so glad it 's still in print
software pos 839.txt i bought this and i think it is a very good game but , i can not really continue the game because i lose money trying to get some by doing the 5 things . i am going to keep on trying to finish the game . if you are really good at solving games and love horse i would get this game . and anyone can try it and if you keep on trying it you can win the game
camera pos 512.txt picked up a bushnell yardage pro 1000 laser rangefinder used online at another site for alittle less than half the new price . works very good and was worth every penny i spent on it . easily ranged objects and animals well past 800 yards .
software pos 706.txt first i would like to state that sooner or later every computer user will come in contact with some problem with an internet security program . they are human made and not 100% fault proof . i study and work in the it field and was first introduced to pc-cillin through trend micro 's product housecall . soon after i tried out the trial and have finally bought the product . i love it ! i have used several of the other " major " anti-virus suites available and have had tons of problems with them . mcafee after one uninstall had bedded itself so far into the computer that i had to completely reformat the pc to gain functionality again . norton to say was n't much better . if you are installing on a " clean " pc where these other software suites have not been , i have not had a problem . i have installed / uninstalled pc-cillin many times each time running smoothly . the software has been a valuable asset protecting my pcs by alerting me to virus threats and even hacking threats that were not even on my network but on my isps network . as well as protecting my network from one single computer that received a virus by shutting off traffic to that pc . i can understand where some of the other problems reported with this software may occur if the person a beginning user or just unfamiliar with the framework of the software . but if you already have some experience in how to set this type of software up i really do recommend you give pc-cillin a try . it is a sleak program , easy to install , easy to customize , and really goes above and beyond with alerting you to possible risks and threats . with all its competitors out there i would choose pc-cillin over the rest any day of the week
camera neg 726.txt i bought this camera and it took great pictures above water , but none of the pictures i took underwater turned out . i looked at the negatives and it was like i never even clicked the shutter . the negatives were blank where i took the underwater pictures
music pos 597.txt if you like late 60s british rock-psych , tough-not-fey production / vibe , white-soulful vox , and mixing electric / acoustic elements ( think : a cross among beatles + zombies + traffic + small faces , even a lil ' byrds feel occasionally ) , you shimply musht try rolled gold , which compares to the cream of these groups ' output ! ! - " the ac-who - " ! ? you might well say.. . 'where have they been all our life ? ' ; ' a gem beyond price has languished all these years unsavored , ' we repeat nearly speechless . not since our belated introductions to moondog...skip bifferty...billy nicholls...stones ' " metamorphosis " ...dantalian 's vehicule.. . it can easily be yours . we very rarely care to replay any c.d. over and over but this one warrants such : well-crafted blend of nonchalance poetry and passion , delicacy and yarbles , hooks and chops and pacing and songs up there with the legends . the news that this cohesive album was only demo's * ( ' haps fortuitous in retrovision ) catapults one 's estimation higher still . singer reg king : on rolled 's strength his visage deserves a spot on some rushmore-in-avalon alongside fellow soulful brits winwood / marriott / reid / lloyd / stewart.. . : just hoarse enough / just sweet enough ( + a ' secret' : optimal use throughout of unison doubletracking ) ...perfection . rolled gold 's production is on the raw / monoish / hotly-compressed side- - a flute / piano occasionally to augment the basic guitar quartet formula & keep things unexpected- - suiting the songs & performances to a tee ( just to offer another clue to their magic brew ) . homey 's in no way related to any bandmember. .
software neg 307.txt i 've been using a mac for the last 10+ years and i had assumed that windows had gotten better since win 94. boy was i wrong . it amazes me that the entire world runs on this awful excuse for an os .
camera pos 826.txt my sony fx1 has great low light capability , 3 lux , but eventually you will need extra light . using your software to lighten dark shots will likely reveal some degree of graininess , no matter which camera you use . i 'm so glad i bought it . used it for my birthday party . though the overhead light was good , dark corners of the room require more light . if you consider yourself advanced , semi-pro , or a pro videographer , you must have a light . my only major beef is it runs at either 10 or 20 watts . no variable for 5 , or 15. it is worth getting a long life battery like the np-970. independent power source ( battery ) is a plus . but no outlet plug adaptor that i know of
health neg 906.txt every time we used this scale it gave a drastically different weight . we returned it to amazon , probably the first time we 've ever had to do that . for the price it should at least work . also , in only the 4 days we had it a large chip came off the corner . it earns two stars for looking great . i would not recommend it .
health pos 476.txt i bought this for my boyfriend . i needed something affordable , and this was it . the bubble machine is quiet , and the warmth of the water lasts for a pretty long time . the only complaint i have are the warnings it has . it just gets me uneasy and that something drastic might happen if i make a mistake . well other than that , this product is good . i 've had it for i think a couple of months now , and nothing awful has happened and it 's still working fine . :
software pos 871.txt as a beta user i assure you that this will make your life easier by not having to stock a lot of forms from the court
camera pos 726.txt combine the high iso , low noise and fast shutter speed for great blur free shots on low light and moving subjects . this is what only fuji can offer to you on compact camera class . the f31fd does n't have is ( image stabilized lenses or a ccd shift sensor ) , which other cameras use to reduce the effect of blur from camera shaking . but this kind of stabilization is really only useful for 6x or more zoom , for just 3x typical zoom on ultra compact p&s you just need to hold it firmly and will get the same results . is also ca n't prevent blur from moving subjects . with a high iso like on f31fd you can use faster shutter speeds that will freeze subjects and prevent blur from camera shaking too . fuji super ccd sensor provides the lowest noise on high iso you will find on 2007 's compact cameras , the quality is only comparable to the big dslr professional cameras . ah , and the face detection is not just a gimmick or marketing appeal.. . it 's really great , specially if someone who does n't know how to focus on the face then recompose the scene is taking pictures of you , with f31fd they will not miss the shot
software pos 644.txt how can doing taxes get any easier ? this is my fifth year using turbo tax and i think each year gets easier and faster . i love the way my information from the previous year is brought forward and the ability to e-file is just a click away . i ca n't imagine using any other program
camera neg 382.txt i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! !
health neg 828.txt i thought they might 've improved the hgm 15 model . forget about it . both models are lousy . buy foreign . it might work better
dvd pos 57.txt i really enjoyed this dvd-and all of the combos were doable with great breakdowns . the instructor actually starts with the left foot , so you can follow her mirror image . i teach dance and will definately use a lot of these moves . and , you will work up a sweat , if you want more just do jumping jacks or run when they march . enjoy
software neg 883.txt i purchased this item from amazon . the disc had scratches and was unable to either use it or get my money back . these items can not be returned
music pos 337.txt this album is absolutely fantastic ! paul and the band are incredibly tight and sound great together . paul sounds very loose and like he 's having a lot of fun - not as serious as some live shows i 've heard . the songs focus mostly on his solo records , with some jam and style council mixed in ( all on disc two ) . wisely , only five of the twenty three tracks are from " as is now " and they 're the uptempo ones - it 's not a hard sell by yep roc to make you buy that album if you do n't already have it . the extended jams for " porcelain gods / broken stones , " " in the crowd " and " foot of the mountain " ( one of my favorite solo tracks ) all are focused and do n't wander so they keep your attention . the crowd is energetic and into the show and are very appreciative when the jam and style council classics get into the mix ( although the sing-along to the album closing " town called malice " is pretty lame ) . i have n't listened to the somewhat difficult to find " live wood " concert disc for a while to give a good comparison . however , since " catch-flame " covers all his solo discs instead of only " paul weller " and " wild wood , " this is a more balanced collection . highly recommended ! personal highlights : blink and you 'll miss it up in suze 's room porcelain gods / i walk on gilded splinters in the crowd foot of the mountain that 's entertainment broken stones long hot summer shout to the to
music pos 123.txt hey bret is one of the most tallented song writers of our time ! he will be in the rock n ' roll hall of fame when he is done and his guitar playin ' and singin ' is very underrated ! buy this
music neg 440.txt i heard that song recently & quot ; three strange days&quot ; ...and i recalled how much i detested it when it came out . overt pandering to tyros in altered states . now i ca n't get it out of my head , and may require a lobotomy . there was a lot of interesting stuff that came out in ' 91 ; but this was n't part of that canon . nice try school of fish . have fun playing the cyo circuit
music neg 553.txt i 'm sure glad i did not purchase this cd . back in the 1980 's i had very little knowledge about o'bryan burnnette , but now that i am 22 and appreciate old school music a whole lot more , i know they made several mistakes while releasing this compilation . " soul trains a comin " ( although not a chart hit ) was missing . i would perfer the original version than the 12 inch version used for soul train from seasons 13 - " maria " ( a lackluster lp track from his latest lp , surrender ) should have been replaced with the beautiful " together always " ( from his proper sophmore lp , you & i ) . the horrible and silly " drivin ' force " ( also from surrender ) should have been out ! " lovelite " , " you & i " and " i 'm freaky " lp versions should have been on there instead of the 45 versions because they stood out very well ! ! " is this for real , " right from the start , " and " love has found its way . " were the other great ballads and jams that were non-singles but were gems as well . the absense of " soul trains a comin ' ( original ) " , " together always " , and full versions of " you & i " , " i 'm freaky " , and " lovelite " really knocked off 3 points from best of o'bryan cd and should be made into a redo ! ! for those that wasted thier money on this , " go on and cry " because right stuff records done ripped y'all off ! ! this underated talented artist ( good singer , writer , producer , and instrumentalist ) was trying to be the next prince and michael jackson but he was considered more like a 1980s version of carl thomas ( too soulful for the mainstream ) . people must have bought this cd ( if do not have original lps no more ) because more than half of the tracks are not available on other cds . i admit i love all the songs from the cd ( except for maria and driving force ) , but i will create a new cd under my productions , soul train alumni series along with my own compilations of shalamar , jermaine stewart , pebbles , jody watley and other soul train almumnis . 1. soul trains a comin ' ( original although i love the remix ; loved the keyboard fanfare on the intro ) 2. the gigolo 3. still waters 4. right from the start ( great track and catchy hooks ! ! ) 5. i 'm freaky ( full lp verison , the keyboard solo was missing from the 45 single 4 minute version ) 6. you & i ( full original lp version . loved the closing ) 7. together always ( o showed his true feelings on this 1983 track ) 8. lovelite ( full original lp version - lovelite baby ! ! ) 9. breakin ' together ( good effort and loved the video ! ! ) 10. go on & cry ( good ballad ) 11. lady i love you ( what ever happened to lovin ' your woman and tellin ' her how you feel . this was his best ballad ever and this should school young catz like bobby valentino and r kelly on real love . ) 12. you 're always on my mind ( i 'm glad they included this lp track from 1984 's be my lover on the compilation and would be good for the redo . beautiful ballad that shows a woman on how you feel although she 's seeing someone else ) . 13. tenderoni ( 45 single , i never actually heard of the full lp track before but it was a good pre-new jack single ) 14. is this for real ( great ! ! ! ) 15. you have got to come to me ( beautiful new jack ballad that should have made the charts ) this here is the real best of o'bryan plus more . wish i can add more like " i 'm in love again " , " doin ' alright " , " surrender " " love had found its way " and " shake " but had to pick the best 16 that would fit ! ! - - thank you ! !
dvd neg 641.txt just repeat the following several times . 1 ) draggy plot 2 ) uninspired acting , especially allen , who almost sinks it 3 ) unimaginative ( story , direction , etc ) then get a hitchcock film
health pos 187.txt shaving cream in a tube is just about impossible to buy at retail outlets . this is a great product and i will continue to buy it through amazon
books neg 160.txt surely i 'm not the only one who found this book totally [bad]. the only thing it made me wonder about is how it 's possible to write such a thorougly boring book about such fascinating women . the writing is just dull and full of the author 's biases and prejudices , which just are n't nearly as interesting as the subjects themselves . it 's written in that old-school feminism ( negative , no fun ) tone that thank god feminism has since moved beyond . my advice : find another book about women mystics not filtered through flinder 's lens
camera neg 184.txt for average people who want a camera that just works-and takes good pics you should not buy this . i do n't know about the specifics , but like other reviewers mine got stuck and quit working for no reason after a couple of months . so , i do n't really see what all the bells and whistles are for if it does n't even take a picture . it was fine while it worked , it ate batteries but the pics were good
camera pos 907.txt this camera is easy to use and makes a good quality recording . since it is an upper end product , it does have a longer learning curve than more simple models but the effort is worth it for the added features . there are , however , a few quirks which could have been fixed to make this a much more usable piece of equipment . the provided microphone jack is an 1 / 8 " stereo . in my camera , at least , it is not mounted very securely . when i have an external mike connected , i had to be very careful to make sure that nothing touched it , otherwise , the sound would drop off . a friend with some tools and expertise fixed this problem but it should never have happened . the master switch moves from off to vcr mode ( up one ) , record to tape mode ( down one ) or record to stick mode ( down two ) . it is intuitive but very easy to overshoot the mark . this can be frustrating and i cannot help but believe there is a better design that could be used . the " vcr " controls are located on the top surface of the camera . they are intuitive and employ commonly used symbols . they are also backlit and impossible to discern in sunshine . you can see the symbols but there is no way to tell which , if any , of the functions are selected . it is still usable but it is a pain in the backside . there are a multitude of things that could be done to make the interface on this camera easier to use but it is usable as it is now .
software neg 59.txt sorry to disappoint the believers , but this os is way overpriced for what it does . and , it will dominate you instead of the converse
software neg 115.txt i was thoroughly disappointed . the first few words i looked up in the thesaurus were not listed - - words like upholstery ! when i went online to see what i might be able to glean from their online site , first fogware had not sent me a coupon , then i had to deal with bad customer service ( i am not doing business with any companies anymore that give bad support ) then after i finally got the coupon code they had left out of my box , the online info is exactly what we have in the cd - - so save your money and do not subscribe to their extended services site unless you need a spanish online dictionary also ! very bad ! i am now going to go buy roget 's and check it out
camera neg 987.txt it sounds like a good system if it worked . you cannot use this system or the indoor camera if you or your neighbors within 300 feet have : a wireless computer network , or a cordless phone ( 2.4 ghz ) , or a microwave that is running . i 'm not kidding - i ca n't believe this even passed testing . i think mobicam has a newer system that you should investigate owning . those have lots of reviews . pay attention to them
books neg 711.txt there are no doubt a few nuggets of wisdom in this book , but they are buried too deeply in bureaucratic gibberish to be worth digging up . this book has no bibliography , no index , mediocre footnotes , no serious useful conclusions or strategic summary , and a disturbing combination of american-centrism ( on page 71 : & quot ; in the asian continent... . ( t ) he first driver will be the future u.s. role in asia . &quot ; ) with a lack of intelligent presentation . there are exactly three figures and seven tables in this 336 page book , when there should have been at least 30 tables and figures illustrating specific sources of conflict in relation to specific countries . the world conflict and human rights map ( 8 pages of graphics and 8 pages of fine print ) out of leiden university does vastly more to inform than does this book . this book should never , ever have been published in its present form- -i venture to say that if it were condensed to 150 pages and properly edited , with graphics and good synthesis , it might be worthy of a second look . time is the most precious commodity in the world- -rand managers and editors need to get serious about how they present possibly useful information to experts who want to know what rand thinks , but cannot spare the time to get past cumbersome undisiplined- -even lazy- -preparations . the topic of this book is extremely important- -those who would invest their scarce time and money in doing research in this area deserve better from those who put together this book
software neg 893.txt ...buy it here and save $s ! shipping cost from the uk added $46.95 to the price and a foreign debit card transaction fee of $2.51 for a waste of $49.46 that could have been spent getting additional models . or get the download version and save even more as like someone else pointed out , the included manual is near useless and has not improved since version 4. practical poser 6 is still the best book to get if you are serious about doing poser 6 development
dvd neg 454.txt i hated , hated , hated , hated this movie . it did n't make sense to me . to depresssing
camera pos 18.txt i have been using my sony cybershot dscn1 8.1mp for about a month now . it 's so easy to use . and , i love how you can easily delete picture via the touch screen . the only issue i have with it , is that i ca n't use the memory pro stick with my sony photo printer ( a 5 year old model ) , because the stick is not compatible . ps : do n't forget to buy a memory stick pro if you purchase this camera . you 're gonna need it .
music neg 812.txt you know i thought this would be a great cd but no it is a total piece of dreck except for ken nordine he is a god in spoken word , i wished i would have bought two coppies one to poop on and one to cover it up .
camera pos 758.txt shooting with a dslr is great in a lot of ways , but the sensor crop kills my wide-angle capability , which , to me , is absolutely awful ! personally , i hate zoom lenses . i 've got a full set of nikon primes . and while i 'd prefer a prime lens , these zoom lenses are the only game in town for wide angle on crop sensor dslr . i like this lens because it goes wide on digital . i suggest you buy this lens for the 10mm and keep it at 10mm because the 10mm wide end is really where it 's at and the reason to buy this lens over the alternatives . for anybody considering 10mm vs 12mm at the wide end , unless you mostly use the narrower end of the focal length most of the time , 2mm is a significant difference in field of view on short lenses . as the focal length increases ( eg , from 400mm to 600mm ) , the difference in angle of view is not very large . but the difference between 10mm is 12mm even though " only 2mm " is no laughing matter , and if you do n't believe me , you can do a comparison in a camera shop to prove it to yourself . if you end up deciding to get a 12mm , you want to buy the sigma 12mm ( i think it is 12-24mm ? ) because that lens covers full 35mm frame ( and the angle of view has got to be absolutely amazing ) ! also , if sigma or nikon reads this review , please make an 8mm or 9mm f2.8 rectilinear crop sensor prime ! and if sigma reads this review , i want some f1.2 or f1.0 afd primes ! 50mm for film maybe even a digital sensor version in some medium range focal length ! i would definitely buy ( full frame coverage of course ) a mid length and a medium wide angle and a short tele ! neither nikon nor canon makes anything like that ( well , canon kind of does / did ) , so you 'd have the market segment dominated
music neg 991.txt to much guitar , drowns out all the other instruments . survivor was made famous by heavy keyboards and drums , not guitars . i was expecting another burning heart , is this love , high on you . no songs on this albums have that sound . the vocals by jamison are top notch , but none of the songs sound like the survivor i remember . survivor guitars were only there to complement the keyboards , bass and drums , not drive the whole song . i guess jim peterik was the man behind survivor all along . i give the cd 2 stars for fire makes steel , the rest are throw aways . ***recommended for die hards only*** i highly recommend ' when seconds count ' for anyone getting started with survivor
dvd pos 221.txt i lived through the vietnam era . if you did you ca n't ever forget . this guy was right in the middle of the crucial decisions that brought the debacle down on us . here he sifts through the sands of his memory and tries to synthesize how it went wrong , why it went wrong and what we can learn to keep from repeating it . for me , here was the most unforgettable moment . decades later he returns to vietnam and winds up sitting at a formal dinner next to his north vietnamese counterpart from those days . macnamara tells him we- -the americans- -were not a colonial power seeking to impose our will but were fighting to stop the spread of communism , seeing north vietnam as a tentacle of communist china . the north vietnamese official gaped at him and then began pounding the table and said , " mr. macnamara , you must have never read a history book ! we 've been fighting the chinese for a thousand years ! we are n't their puppet ! we were fighting for our national freedom ! we would have fought to the last man ! " macnamara says they almost came to blows . here 's the point . macnamara says , as compared to say the soviets , we did n't understand the north vietnamese . we did n't really know enought about them . we had no idea what was in their minds . and that was why we wound up fighting the wrong war against the wrong country and for the wrong reasons ! that 's why we lost ! does any of this sound familiar ? ? ? ? ? ? this is a fantastically good piece of work that ought to be required viewing for every american of voting age . it 's that good and that informative . of course , it wo n't be widely viewed by the american public . we 'll go our goofy way coveting our big-screen tvs and gas guzzling cars and spending our time on important things- -like sporting events
books neg 937.txt erickson , a notorious communist and bogus half baked historian is not to be trusted with his works , all based on bogus , doctored and unrelaible soviet semi fictions intended to advance the cause of bolshevik invincability .
camera pos 124.txt i started with a d50 and have loved it from the very begining . i felt ready to step up to the next level , but did n't think i was ready for the d200. when i heard about the d80 , i read everything i could . the biggest selling point was the fact that it was the same internal workings as the d200 in the more consumer friendly d50 body . i do n't use all of the mode setting and find myself in shutter and aperture priority most of the time , but it 's nice to have the others there when i do n't want to think about or have time to fiddle with settings . the in camera image enhancements are amazing- -but a word of caution . vivid +2 will definitely give you vivid shots- -if not too much so . i 've had this baby for about 2 weeks and imagine it will be my camera for the next couple years . compared to the canon 30d ( which i was thinking about ) or even the new 400d ( i have n't actually held one yet ) , this is the nikon to have . on batter life , i had a recent shoot where i took over 800 shots in a 3 hour period . the battery was at about half and that 's with quite a bit of lcd viewing . at this level both canon and nikon offer great equipment- -you ca n't go wrong with either . just get one of each in your hands , snap a few shots , and go with the one that feels the best for you
music pos 625.txt quite different from his later big-band recordings . some of the songs that you may find on wes ' ' best of ' collections sound too much like elevator music . not so with this debut album . a drummer , a organist , and a guitar player ; no horn section . stripped down in the sence of band size but very deep and articulate playing . he shows of his trade mark octave playing , his chord solos ( played over the organs rythm chords none the less ) , and flashy runs across the fret board when needed . a good cd to start with for the guitarist who wants to play jazz .
camera pos 136.txt i just bought a digital rebel about a month ago . love the camera , my old 380ex speedlight integrates with the camera but just does n't offer enough cycle speed to keep up with continuous mode on the rebel . this flash does the job for the rebel and the plug for the external battery pack promises even better performance once i grab that item . another big selling point that really makes this unit worth the cash , is that it has its own infrared focus assist lamp which the digital rebel lacks . when this flash is mounted on your digital rebel , you do n't get that annoying set of quick flashes that the camera has to set off to focus in low light when using the built-in flash . the rebel body uses the infrared focus assist on the 550ex to focus the lens ; this feature alone is worth the big bucks this baby costs . the flash has tons of features that most of us might never use , but as a advanced amateur i 'm glad they 're there so i can play with that if i should choose to try out some fancy stuff . the wireless slave capability is handy but you 've got to have at least one more 420ex , 550ex or 580ex to use that . i like the digital readout on the back of the flash and also the two way bounce head , it 's important to note that you have to press a button to make the head turn either side to side or up / down- --this should make the head sturdier than i 've seen on some units that get loose after awhile and drive you nuts . this unit is a honker- -really big , and , no lightweight either . get yourself a big deep camera bag if you want to lug this thing around with you . what 's the difference between this and the 580ex ? the 580 has very slightly faster cycle times and offers some fancy new automatic flash exposure bracketing modes , for me anyway it was n't worth almost two hundred dollars more for the 580. all of the newer eos camera bodies are fully supported by this unit , it also works on older eos bodies but there are functions available on the newer ones that are n't there on older stuff . i like this flash it covers well , cycles fast and the controls are fairly intuitive and easy to use . when you get yours do n't lose that book , canon does n't seem to have them online anywhere i can find and i 've seen places that want to charge you 18 bucks for a new one
books neg 25.txt this is an overwritten and overhyped piece of fiction that will never pass for great literature . it is timely but it is not timeless . not one character comes alive even though they all talk endlessly . not one scene is memorable . the true nature of the book - - soap opera- - is cloaked under its many pages . messud is a good writer who in this instance could not tell a good story , and she seems to have believed her publicity machine . i ca n't believe that her husband , who a great literary critic , would not talk her out of publishing this . oh. i forgot . money and fame trumps quality every time .
camera pos 899.txt the remote control works well with the olympus digital camera . it was delivered on time and without any problems .
dvd neg 891.txt racer takes on a rookie . wow . we 've never seen that before , have we ? the worst thing about this movie are the race scenes , many of which resemble a video game . i 'd rather watch abc sports ' " to live and drive the indy 500. " that 's more realistic and much more fun
software neg 349.txt when i first received the product and installed it i had a few configuration issues ( not unusual ) but now , after 8 months of service , they are telling me i need to purchase an upgrade ( $69.99 ) or i will have no virus protection . i contacted customer service ( what a misnomer ) as no one was available to actually speak to me and the automated system was like one of those automated phone loops you enter when trying to contact any company . i finally gave up and an now shopping for a newer and more reliable antivirus and protection system . i did not get a full year of service , got jerked around and have lost all faith in this software package . i wish any other users good luck
camera pos 72.txt this is a great lens for any user , professional or amateur . this lens offers incredibly wide focal lengths all while giving very impressive / clean results . a slight distortion is noticeable when shooting at 10mm ( 16mm cropped ) but this is easily correctable with software . in addition , the very fast and absolutely silent usm is a huge plus . i highly recommend this lens to anyone wanting great landscapes or great in door / architecture shots ( especially realtors )
software neg 597.txt i 've used paperport for years mostly because it was the best of a bunch of poor options . however , version 11 is buggier than earlier versions : every time i launch a microsoft office product , the paperport installer starts up . there is no reference to this in the paperport help file or in the ridiculously inadequate knowledgebase on the paperport site . another bug imprints a " trial copy " legend on your pdf files . this one is explained in the knowledgebase , but requires you to tinker with the registry to correct it . that 's a bit ridiculous . why are they distributing code with a known bug ? nuance expects you to pay $9.95 for e-mail technical support - even if it 's a bug in their own product . the product is a modest performer at best , but nuance 's awful technical support policies are the real sinker here . i 've requested an rma for a refund . jerr
music pos 644.txt this is a great cd . & quot ; back where i come from&quot ; , is on of those feel good songs that gives me chill bumps every time i here it . chesney is a extremely talented artist whose passion is shown in every song . i recommend all his albums
music pos 761.txt stephen stills " for what it 's worth " is , of course , a classic song . " burned , " neil young 's strongest effort for this album , is another classic song . the rest of it is all very good . i would say that it does sound a bit dated , however ; , and that this one is mostly for fanatics of 60 's music . your average " artic monkeys " fan is not going to find this a good match for their musical sensiblities . better was on the way from buffalo springfield . their next album , " buffalo springfield again " is an all out rock masterpiece that everybody should own , whatever your age or inclinations .
books neg 727.txt as a dad , i was really looking forward to a book on potty training to help me with my 2-year old . this book is lousy though . why ? 1. stupid writing . i got pretty sick of constantly reading all the sappy , " witty " remarks . " dancing the potty mambo " ? give me a break ! 2. stupid advice . this book keeps telling you to talk to your kid like he / she is an adult . i 'm sorry , but a 2-year-old just cannot comprehend a long drawn-out explanation of why you want them or do n't want them to do something . how about just saying , " do n't do that ! " or " hey , you want to try this ? " that seems to work just fine for me . why give your kid a doctoral dissertation every time you want them to do something ? what 's wrong with just telling your kid what to do ( nicely ) , and expecting them to be obedient ? 3. repeating content . this book kept repeating itself over and over . okay , i got it already ! i strongly feel that the author wanted to push this book over the 200-page mark when all that needed to be said could probably have been accomplished in about 50 pages ( or less ) . 4. too many references . this book constantly refers to other chapters . i once counted 6 different references to other chapters on one page . i am not kidding ! huh ? is potty training really that freakin ' complicated ? all i want is some general ideas on how to go about it , how to get started , and a few good tips . i do n't need all these detailed references . ( nor do i need the phrase " potty mambo " repeated to me ad infinitum . ) here is all i wanted to know : -how do i get started ? -what do i do ? -how often do i need to try it ? -should i go for pullups or just keep him in diapers for the moment ? maybe this book got to all of that , but i quit after page 60. i just could n't take it anymore . after hearing the phrases " stay positive " and " potty mambo " repeated to me for the umpteenth time , i had to quit . i returned this book and got my money back . if i were to say anything good about this book , i would say that it has a few good tips , surrounded by about 180 pages of filler . potty training still looms ahead . will i be successful ? probably . but to this book i say , no thanks
software pos 886.txt coreldraw was my first foray into vector graphics back when version 3 showed up on my desk at the small " mom and pop " screenprinting shop i worked at . back then , corel came with oodles of free fonts , clipart , manuals ... not to mention free technical support via a toll-free number . i stayed with corel exclusively until version 10 ... enduring countless patches , bugs and the dreaded " odd-numbered " curse ( if you tried version 5 or 7 , you feel my pain ) . adobe photoshop was always my photo-editing program of choice ... corelphotopaint just never quite " did it " for me . industry demands eventually delegated that i delve into adobe illustrator . being already familiar with adobe photoshop 's features , tools and " look and feel " , illustrator did n't present a huge , overbearing learning curve . in illustrator , i found the same robust features as coreldraw ... which was n't what impressed me about illustrator . adobe 's intuitive programs , and their ability to interact with one another ... seamlessly ... that is what won me over to illustrator . illustrator 's ability to edit / create pdf 's in their native format ? wow ! exporting layered vector files to photoshop ... with layers intact ? ? ? wow ! ! ! ( i could go on ) now , that being said ... there are still things that i prefer in coreldraw compared to illustrator . the extrude function in corel is much easier to utilize . the powerclip function is more user friendly than illustrator 's " make clipping mask " function . the ability to customize / edit / add shortcut keys is an amazing feature . ( again ... i could go on ) in regards to importing and exporting files from other applications , coreldraw wins , hands down . it boasts a robust set of import and export filters , my favorite being the .eps import filter which lets you import an .eps while converting the fonts to curves during the import . this is a must have if you work with an .eps file created on another computer whose fonts you lack . if i had a dollar for every .eps that pulls into illustrator with fonts blown out ... i 'd be independently wealthy . why illustrator has never implemented this is beyond me . so , to sum it up ... coreldraw is a great program ... but i ca n't imagine it being my only vector drawing program . just like in real life , you need a great team . this program , paired with adobe creative suite , meets my needs perfectly .
dvd pos 78.txt outstanding ! i new a remastered version of ran was a must have , but i did not expect to enjoy madadayo as much as i did . while i agree the packaging does not protect the disks well , i got lucky and had no damage . i wonder how they will handle this issue if they truly only made 5 , 000
software pos 167.txt this is a good software for casual use ( hiking , biking , geocaching ) , but not without issues . on the positive side , it definitely beats all non-digital ( scanned usgs maps ) alternatives . the level of details is good enough ( how many of us need to know topography down to 5 feet ? ) . the fact that maps are digitally generated ( with vectors i believe ) makes all the labels clear at any scale . it has two advantages over its main " digital " competitor , ng topo . first , all of the us is on one dvd for the price of separate state / region cds from ng . and second , it is available . i could not even find ng 's northeast edition anywhere on the web ! one might think nh and me are some obscure corners of the globe and not big tourist destinations . now the few negatives . the exchange feature with gps is flaky . sometimes it takes several tries of unplugging and replugging the cable and restarting the program before it recognizes my garmin . part of it could be that low and mid range gps still have serial connection and are not truly plug-and-play even with com-to-usb adapter ( beats me why garmin ca n't make all their gps with usb in this day and age ) . in any case , regardless of whose fault it is , it is annoying at times not to be able to connect the two smoothly . the second problem i noticed was with the 3-d window . it clearly consumes a lot of memory and crashes my laptop if i do a lot of rapid rescaling . i ended up just closing that window , since it is pretty much for " coolness " and does not add any real topographical value . finally , i had a problem with delorme 's service . i purchased it from amazon with a rebate offer . however , a month after submitting the necessary info i received a card from delorme stating that the bar code i sent was not a upc code . the box only had one bar code on it so i am not sure how i could have made a mistake . they requested that i send a correct one , but with the code cut out and gone , how do they expect me to come up with one ? ! i feel a little bit like that was a cheap way out of paying the rebate but $20 is not worth the time arguing with them over it . i would be interested to hear if anyone else experienced the same problem .
books pos 218.txt the " essential histories " series from osprey could easily be compared to the cliff notes series . they 'll give you a nice introduction to a topic you are not familiar with , but no real depth . most volumns are under 100 pages ; therefore , do n't expect many " man in the trenches " stories . this volumn is a nice introduction to a recent war , and presented a bit better than most in the series
software neg 771.txt the software installation is buggy . it try 's to download the entire installation from the snapstream web site , even though there is a installation disk included . if your web connection fails the installation trashes your system and you will need to reinstall windows . i have windows xp sp2 with a flakey internet connection . although i am computer literate , after two attempts to install this product i have chucked the whole thing out the window . p.s. snapstream has no tech service department to speak of
books neg 702.txt this book is more of an advertisement for scoblete 's other books , his writing buddies other books , and his golden touch craps siminar . this book gives no mention of how the reader can acomplish dice control , which is the reason i bought this book . the book is rather a collection of stories . scoblete tells of people he met playing craps but he forgets to tell how to play craps . it would not surprise me at all if the characters in the book are made up , especially the captain , the authors ultimate craps hero . i could n't even finish this book . it was boring and repeated the same type of uninteresting stories all the way through , and left the reader with no knowledge gained . if you are interested in a good casino book i recomend something by avery cardoza or a book published by his company
music pos 381.txt the progressive metal world better wake up and take note of this outstanding band that hails from poland . these guys are a breath of fresh air with the oversaturated and stagnant progressive metal market that has developed over the past few years . so what do we get for our money you ask , a band comprising of well-schooled musicians , incredible song writing skills and the ability to weave so many different moods and time-passages into each song . there are a few scatterings of influences that are n't a major detraction from the overall mood of the album , namely dream theater , pink floyd , porcupine tree , genesis and anathema . the vocals are clean without a trace of an accent , however they get getting slightly gruff in places but this only compliments the smooth flow of the music . the guitar work is outstanding and david gilmour from pink floyd is a strong reference point here . the rhythm section is outstanding ; especially the drumming and the keyboards give the album a fuller sound with out being too over powering . if you want to start 2007 on a good note then riverside is a worthy investment for sure .
camera pos 118.txt i just got back from vacation . i have a bad back , and it was sore . i was very happy to discover that the way this bag hangs , i could carry my nikon d-70 and one or two extra lens very comfortably . gear is super easy to access and the bag provides a nice platform for changing lenses . i have other bags which heft lots of gear , and they 're great for travel days and the occasional big shoot , but if you 're looking to hike ( and have a separate way to carry a tripod ) , then this is a wonderful bag
books neg 529.txt other reviews have homed in on the frequent nit-picking and general vindictiveness of this book . i agree with these criticisms , but i 'm not going to revisit them here . the deeper problem lies with the ayn rand institute , which only gives scholarly access to persons guaranteed to toe ari 's party line . as long as the ayn rand institute refuses full , unconditional scholarly access to miss rand 's papers , any biographical efforts produced under their aegis will not be taken seriously by anyone who respects proper academic practice . nor should they be .
books pos 784.txt moral consciousness and communicative action is the primary anglophone source for habermas 's writings on & quot ; discourse ethics . &quot ; written in the early eighties , this translation , which was published in 1990 , provides a developmental perspective . the focus of the essays moves from habermas 's statements about the role of philosophy today , in & quot ; philosophy as stand-in and interpeter , to his writing on reconstructive social science in general , to his program for a discourse ethics in particular . the final papers address criticisms of this program . the volume suffers a bit from the fact that thomas mccarthy 's introduction is keen to locate habermas 's position vis a vis various contemporary moral-philosophical standpoints , but does not go very far toward locating the whole initiative in the broader canvas of habermas 's overarching social-theoretic project
books pos 284.txt sorry i just wrote this so that there would be 667 votes and not 666 im not very religous but i find that number to be very strange and disturbing . holla back im going to buy this boo
software neg 237.txt i do n't have a problem with the software . it pretty much does what we need but reversing an error can be a nightmare . before i start this tirade , i should point out that the customer service reps were very nice . but they do n't have the infrastructure to provide the most basic level of service ( please , read on ) . the customer support system for the payroll upgrade on this product is really scary . ( 1 ) they want to have access to your checking account to pay for the annual payroll subscription ! ! ( 2 ) they do not send receipts ! ! i help with the books for a small non-profit and paid for the payroll subscription on my own credit card . the only receipt i could get was a copy of the invoice , which is not formatted to print correctly on an hp1200 ( duh ! ! ) . what is really disturbing is that these people are supposed to be accounting experts ! if you acquiesce to the checking account withdrawal , the only receipt you receive is the line item on your bank statement . have they every heard of a " paper trail " . well you sure wo n't get one if you purchase the payroll subscription for this product . i will start looking for an alternative to intuit because they obviously do n't understand some basic accounting and auditing principles .
health pos 165.txt very nice trimmer . my hat off to remington . i have been using this trimmer on both my hair and beard . it words perfectly and is much better than changing spacers
software neg 624.txt i installed this on my laptop and it slowed it down to a crawl . i deinstalled it , installed norton 2005 , bought the subscription renewal and my laptop is back up to speed . you have been warne
health neg 99.txt i was very careful to not press down as instructed when cleaning cds , yet i was left with light circular scratches and smudges untouched . as for scratches , you may as well use toothpaste for all the good this will do you . the solution does not fill in even the lightest scratches . i tried it with several different scatches and discs and the result was the same . multiple applications fared no better . the disc i bought this for primarily is in worse shape than when i started
dvd neg 312.txt maybe this is not fair , to write a review without even seeing the dvd . i wanted to make sure disney understands that people do read these reviews , and i am not buying this dvd , as swamp fox is incomplete ! three out of eight episodes is hardly a reason to purchase
music neg 533.txt after reading glowing reviews of the dbts i picked up three of their cds . while some of the lyrics are strong , the songs have no melodies whatsoever . most of the arrangements consist of guitars blaring over a terrible singer . they 're reputed to be carrying on the tradition of skynyrd and the allmans . but those bands were n't just loud guitars...they had memorable tunes and great singers . dbts are a huge letdown
health pos 21.txt this monitor is so easy to use , and more convenient than going to the grocery store . it saves the readings in memory , so if i do n't have a pen and paper handy , i can retrieve the info later . it even shows the time the reading was taken .
dvd pos 509.txt this exhilarating musical comedy , featuring ( respectively ) the fancy footwork and infectious crooning of gis kelly and sinatra , perfectly captures the optimistic spirit that held sway in the post-world war ii boom . co-starring dancers vera-ellen and ann miller , " on the town " was one of the first color films shot on location in manhattan , and remains one of the grandest , liveliest hollywood musicals ever made .
music neg 701.txt while the title cut with joe public was bumping most of this disc is so-so&amp ; formula driven.without teddy riley the grooves&amp ; vibe are n't as strong
camera neg 685.txt the me-1 provides a modest 1.2x magnification for viewfinders on olympus 's e-300 and e-500 cameras . ideally , this would allow sharper manual focusing and more precise framing . unfortunately , this did not happen when i used the me-1 to make a number of trial images with my e-500 , so i will be returning the me-1 for a refund . ( for the record , i wear prescription eyeglasses while shooting , with my " shooting eye " corrected to 20 / 20 vision . ) like other folks , i find the e-500 viewfinder a trifle small so that it 's not always easy to frame a shot and see exposure data at the same time . the camera must also be pressed against your face when framing , which is not always comfortable . in some ways , the me-1 created more problems than it solved . the me-1 kept the camera further from my face ( though it seemed to bump harder against my glasses ) , but at the cost of *narrowing* my angle of vision in the viewfinder . divide the viewfinder into four equal columns and rows so you have eight squares . the four squares in the middle of the viewfinder were easily visible , but those along the sides , top , and bottom were *less* visible than before , the corners considerably less . to frame a shot , i had to move my eye around the viewfinder much more with the me-1 than without it . to see exposure data , i had to shift my eye almost completely away from the image . more hassle than i need when shooting in the field . fortunately , there is another option that works for me . the e-300 and e-500 come with an ep-5 eyecup , which is definitely too small for my taste . but a larger eyecup is also available , the ep-6. the ep-6 keeps the camera a little further from my face . and with the viewfinder diopter properly adjusted ( a critical step no one seems to mention ) , the ep-6 allows me to see both the entire image and exposure data without shifting my eye very much at all . all of this will vary from person to person , of course , and there may be circumstances when the me-1 is exactly what 's needed - - so two rather than one star . but not in standard shooting conditions , especially if you need to compose , set exposure , and shoot quickly
dvd pos 784.txt this is a film like none other you have ever seen , and as such you 'll either love it , or hate it . from the " reviews " posted on amazon , i 've come to the conclusion that the people who hate it are simply people who do n't have the intelligence to have understood a word of it . this film is not literal . learn to *think* about what you are watching . to interpret archetypes , symbolism and metaphor . a clue : the lady character is named story . now why might that be ? and why would she require a vessel before taking flight into the world ? and what precisely does the wolf-like scrunt represent ? and why are there three of those monkeys ? this film is a love letter from one creative person to all other creatives in the world . if you are n't an artist , you probably wo n't get it at all , and might even post a scathing review of it on sites such as this . but that achieves nothing but illustrate how stupid you truly are to the artistic souls that will understand everything this film says , and love every beautiful , unique and visionary second of it . magical .
camera pos 756.txt not only is this beauty wide , i have found the lens is very sharp to on my d200 ! it is built solid and focus 's fast , and i do n't have any problem with distortion because i use dxo optics software and it cleans it up automaticly ! buy this lens , it is cheap for what you get
software pos 878.txt this is a great program if you never owned an older version of family treemaker . the new version is so similar to the older versions it does n't pay to upgrade
books neg 583.txt as a former student of ms. morris , i will state that she and william morris were quite emphatic about keeping the teachings sacred and authentic as taught by grand master takata . her history is to this day accurate
music pos 167.txt wow ! there 's sooooo.. . much to like in this album it 's amazing . the music is mostly upbeat & very catchy- -making you want to ( & will if no one 's around ) sing along . the lyrics are fine , meaningful , & personally touching- -about life which is getting faster & faster in the contemporary world , while people are still people with hopes , feelings , needs , desires , & all the rest of what makes people human . the lead singer , jennifer nettles is powerful yet gifted with a sweet voice ( though a bit twangy in style ) . she grabs you quickly for a wild ride- -immersing the listener in the musical story she 's telling . i bought the cd based on hearing baby girl & something more ( on the tv show vegas of all place ) . then i heard sugarland on the cma show- -winning awards as they so deserve . the range & variety of the songs on the album are good too- -from sweet & poignant ballads to wild & spicy soaring . virtually all of the songs are well worth listening to & the majority could become successful singles . yes , the style is their own mixture of influences- -the 3 artists come from different musical backgrounds , which makes their wonderful blending are the more impressive . and , the trio wrote all the songs on the cd- -with hall the primary author ( solo writer on one of them ) . how many trios are there with 2 women & 1 man ? i wonder if they are unique ? well , they are unique even if not in that respect- -how many bands include a mandolin ? . of course , country purists may not be happy with them , but the vast majority of listeners are . this has become one of my favorite albums , at the speed of sound . imho , it 's terrific
music neg 662.txt being an osmond fan can be very frustrating at times.. . this cd has nothing new to offer . there have been several osmond compilation cds in the past 10 years . what 's so different about this one besides the photograph on the cover ? nothing . i agree with the reviewer who wishes the osmonds would put some of their old albums on cd instead of putting out hit compilation cds all the time . been there . done that . bored to tears
music neg 823.txt the lady can sing , but her " christian " message is compromised because of her part in " chasing papi " , where she played a woman who - had she had the chance - would have hopped into bed with her on-screen boyfriend prior to marriage . it 's " crystal clear " to me that jaci broke my heart in a million pieces when she played that part . it 's really tragic to see such a beautiful young lady with such a opowerful voice and message now reduced to nothing more than a hypocritical wannabee , much in the same way that stacie orrico is now becoming.....and is it just me , or is it coincidence that these two womens ' album covers look strikingly similar ? it appears their paths in life are similar , too : compromising a message and a stand that once set them worlds apart . as with a recent review of orrico that i made , i 'll give jaci velasquez her due : she can sing , and what i mean by that is sing the roof off of a house ! this album was excellent.....was . now , whenever i think or hear of jaci velasquez , i can only think one word : hypocrite
music neg 119.txt i thought something must be wrong with my stereo when i first played this cd . brooks and dunn have created some great work , but this is far from it . many of the songs are so dischordant , i would swear that the studio engineer had gone tone deaf or something . about two decent songs , the rest are not worth having around . try some earlier stuff for a better taste of their talent
health pos 140.txt i love this product...it is so well worth the money if you 're experiencing a skin problem . easy to use , portable , no lotions or creams needed...just my little leather case
health pos 88.txt easy to use ; and a wicked incentive to lose weight . have lost 20 kilos in just a few months from walking .
health pos 862.txt i found this product after reading a review of it on hairboutique.com . the length of my hair seemed to have reached a plateau just below my shoulders and after year seemed to have grown no longer . i decided to try this product to see if it worked . as hair growth is normally clocked at an 1 / 8 of an inch per month , i decided to monitor the results in my own little " clinical test . " this was actually pretty easy because i colour my hair so i 'd easily be able to see how much growth there was each month . i ordered a box of viviscal for which i paid $49 for ( average price on the web ) and the was set to take the first pill the following morning ( the box recommends 2 per day ) . i coloured my hair the night before so that in one month i 'd be able to accurately measure how much growth there had been by looking at the growth since the colouring . results : i did n't really notice anything until around the 2 week time frame . i noticed my nails were growing very fast / very long . i have weak nails that split easily and they barely seem to grow at all . it was very noticeable because i use the computer all day and the nail growth was causing my fingers to constantly slip on the keyboard . never having great nails , i was pretty happy to see this . my curiosity was also getting the better of me as i could see the roots of my hair pretty clearly which was unusual at 2 weeks after coloring . i took the tape measure and measured almost 1 / 4 of an inch in hair growth . this would mean 1 / 2 inch per month and 6 inches per year . i was pretty excited because although the numbers seemed small , it was twice the rate my hair normally grows . but i also noticed something else . my hair was becoming unusually greasy . because i have very dry hair , i normally only wash it 2-3 times a week . but every other day it seemed much more greasy than normal . hmmm. well , at the 1 month time frame i measured my hair growth and it was exactly 3 / 4 of an inch . not only that but i was constantly trimming my nails at this point . i was totally ecstatic . but also by this point , i was washing my hair every day - it was no longer dry and brittle , it was much softer , but there was no way i could miss a day of washing it or it would be greasy . so - the conclusions i have reached from my test was this : 1. yes , viviscal works . it caused my hair growth to be stimulated at over twice the speed . 2. viviscal also makes your nails much stronger and grow much faster . 3. viviscal makes your hair greasy , causing you to have to wash it every day - and then it 's fine . it did not cause any extra hair growth anywhere else , which i thought a bit strange ( though good ! ! ! ) . i recommend this product
music neg 209.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks
dvd pos 477.txt jean renoir 's masterpiece , ' the grand illusion ' , is truly a film about humanity - it is a universal theme , something we can all understand and relate to . the triumph of the human spirit in the most troubled times , is kind of an ironic theme considering hitler 's imminent rise to power and the ensuing war that would alter the course of history . nevertheless , jean renoir 's poetic homage to brotherhood is one of his most beloved films . it is not hard to like this movie the acting and direction are superb - jean gabin is one of the all time great actors. . jean renoir 's innovative approach would influence countless directors to come , including orson welles. . criterion did a marvelous job on this dvd - also worth getting is ' the rules of the game ' jean renoir 's greatest satire
camera neg 224.txt i purchased this for my 4 year old son because he loves to take pictures . i did n't want to spend a lot of money , however this product is way over priced for the quality and ease of use . not to mention after having it less than 24 hours it completely stopped working . however , when it did work every single picture was blurry . there is only one button for every option and it is very confusing . i would n't recommend this product to anyone . it is being returned
camera neg 165.txt after reading the many good reviews here , i too bought the lenmar battery to act as a second battery for my canon digital camera . i was totally pleased with the excellent performance as many others have noted . the only difference i noticed between the lenmar and oem battery was that with lengthy continuous shooting with the lcd screen on the camera case got significantly hotter with the lenmar battery that with the oem . this was not a problem until i was shooting on a 101 degree day ( with the lenmar battery in ) and suddenly the screen went black . i could view previously taken pictures ( lcd ok ) but any new photo i tried to take was black . i read later in the manual the upper operating temperature of the camera is 104 degrees . once the camera cooled it worked again for a while , but the black photo problem continued intermittenly for a few weeks then the camera completely stopped taking photos , no matter what . so , was it the lenmar battery 's extra heat generation pushing the camera over its temperature limit and damaging the circuitry ? would it have happened if the cooler running oem battery was installed on the hot day ? i ca n't say for sure , but if you use a lenmar battery i would be careful about operating it on a very hot 100 degree day ( e.g. use the viewfinder , not the lcd since that generates heat , or turn the camera off a lot to cool down between shots ) .
health neg 632.txt the off-on switch on this product is very difficlut to use . i am not able to turn off or on with one hand and find it very difficult to turn on with two hands .
dvd neg 824.txt this mediocre effort is disappointingly unfunny . considering the comedic caliber of its two stars , billy crystal and robin williams , i was expecting a laugh riot , but that 's not what this is . it 's not their fault , it 's the scriptwriter's . i guess maybe it was just one of those scripts that read funny on paper , but that humor just did n't translate to the screen , despite the best efforts of mssrs. crystal and williams . they deserve better , and so do we
music pos 206.txt pete rock and c.l. smooth came out of no where with this classic in " 92 " . i was expecting the t-roy tribute to be the only highlight , but this joint was bangin ! the very underrated cl had the dope metaphors and complex lyrics . chocolate boy wonder had the legendary " horns " going on . the whole album is a banger . fav 's are pete 's sake , the basement ( pete 's cuz heavy d rips it ) , mecca and the soul brother , troy - they reminisce , straighten it out ( a kick in the balls for bootleggers ) , ghetto 's of the mind and skinz ( cl 's cuz grand puba steals the show on this one ) . eternally classic , rock on .
health neg 207.txt it was a nice looking razor but it did n't work and i had to send it back for credit . i bought another one locally and had trouble with it also . i wonder if the 5200 just does n't have to many bells & whistles . i finally bought a 5100 it 's a plain jane but is working great
books neg 799.txt with someone like this teaching you a failing grade is the likely outcome . why dunn feels it neccessary to quote from one of shakespeare 's most ridiculus plays and behave as if he is possessed is beyond me . it 's not funny or necessary and the problem is that the book is full of it - literally . if you are looking to learn the solid fundementals of chemistry you should pass this one by and go with something like wiley 's , chemistry - concepts and problems in which you begin learning immediately in a simple , straightforward manner . for anyone to suggest that a book like this should be part of any school 's curriculum is just absurd
software pos 316.txt i 've been using wordperfect for about 25 years and it keeps getting better . it is the best word processor by far . so many things are better than microsoft 's word processors . importing graphics , mail labels , and especially reveal codes to name a few .
camera neg 336.txt i am a nikon fan i have nikon 6t and nikon d50. but about coolpix 4600 : all picutures are always blurred or atleast fuzzy . it somehow take decent photos of face and buildings ( if they have strong straight edges / stripes )
music neg 901.txt i 've owned this cd , but did n't keep it for very long because it 's too poppy and slick for my tastes . i guess when about 1981 came around billy just wanted to distance himself from the brilliance of his 70 's style , and on this offering , he kind of wanted a 50 's or 60 's kind of sound . this stuff is just to slick for this hombre . he never made a solid album , after the release of glass houses , in about 1980. this is the kind of stuff that yuppies rave about , but if you 've got some integrity , you 'll probably want to steer clear of this one , and buy anything he recorded in the 70 's
music neg 852.txt best of dark horse is another half-hearted attempt to gather george harrison 's greatest songs together . this time we only get tracks from 1976 to 1989. while there are some good songs ( blow away , crackerbox palace , cheer down , etc. ) the rest do n't represent his best songs from this period . where 's faster , this is love , someplace else , etc ? the only reasons to purchase this cd are for the rarities poor little girl , cockamamie business and cheer down . until they make a true best of , we 'll have to make our own single-disc compilation . here are the tracks needed : apple scruffs , my sweet lord , all things must pass , what is life , give me love ( give me peace on earth ) , living in the material world , crackerbox palace , blow away , all those years ago , dream away , cloud 9 , this is love , someplace else , got my mind set on you , end of the line , handle with care , cheer down , devil 's been busy , any road , rising sun . [dw]
books neg 951.txt i have read almost all of the works in the past masters series . this is by far the worse . i do not ordinarily write about books i do not like . but this work truly deserves a bad word . it is not about shakespeare , but rather about germaine greer . she simply did not do the assignment that she was given
books pos 709.txt great book ....my partners therapist recommended it for him to read it helps you to understand & deal with the problems easy to read & understand
dvd pos 651.txt it is a tragedy that brandon lee died while making this film . had he lived , the crow sequels would have been much better . the crow is an action packed movie that moves at a quick pace . it set the standard for the dark cinema of the 1990's .
books pos 966.txt this was the first vi warshawski book i ever read , and it did an excellent job of whetting my appetite for more . i think paretsky did an excellent job of drawing me into vi 's world , which is rich with unique characters . vi comes across as individualistic and principled , and i like how paretsky resisted clich temptation on several counts : the complex issue of chemical responsibility is not wrapped up in a tidy bundle by the end of the book , and there is no & quot ; obligatory sex scene . &quot ; not that sex scenes do n't have their places , but i just hate it when i 'm reading along and i can almost hear the agent say , & quot ; okay , author , you need to steam this up a bit right here if you want to sell this book . &quot ; in this story , vi is all business , which is a delightful change of pace
health pos 651.txt this makeup covers my rosea and a birthmark . its light and lasts all day . i put it on with a brush . and i love how i do n't feel or look like i have makeup on at all . love the case and the mirror..thanks ! jud
dvd neg 894.txt hypocrisy alert ! hypocrisy alert ! i just wanted to get that out of the way right at the start . not more than twenty-four hours ago i wrote a review waxing philosophic on the state of the modern horror film . i argued that fans should n't viciously tear apart every movie they find objectionable because the current spate of horror films is better than no horror films at all . in other words , we should accept the bad with the good rather than stop renting and thus face a potential drought of horror movies . now that i have gotten that out of the way , i shall proceed to trash " adam & evil . " i did n't set out to heap scorn on this film when i popped it in the dvd player a few weeks ago , although a cursory glance at the cover art sent a chill of disappointment through my body and i felt my heart sinking . in fact , nothing screams " straight to video " more loudly than a film entitled " adam & evil . " well , perhaps something like " adam & the bollweevil , " or even " adam & evil knievel " might rank as likelier candidates , but you get the idea . " adam & evil " does not inspire confidence that i 'm about to watch a slasher film on par with carpenter 's " halloween . " right from the start of the film we learn the filmmakers have cast us into the ninth circle of clichd slasher film hell . the movie introduces us to the typical bunch of young airheads getting ready to embark on a camping trip out in the sticks . there is seth ( kevin robson ) , the goofy virgin who tries too hard with the ladies but hopes that the trip will finally cure him of his unwanted condition . then there is the snotty and narcissistic brunette yvonne ( erica cerra ) . next up is a staple of every poorly made horror film , the ever important " loud guy " matt ( brody harms ) . along for the ride are evelyn ( barbara kottmeier ) , adam himself ( sean arnfinson ) , adam 's girlfriend yvette ( lynsey brothers ) , and a few other kids . i am willing to bet that as you look at this list you will notice the eve connotation in the three girls ' names , and that seth is also a name pulled straight out of the old testament . where matt comes in is a mystery unless we look to the new testament . something tells me the matthew responsible for the gospel did n't go around announcing to everyone who would listen that he wanted to be known as " matt . " call it a gut feeling . anyway , these dolts head out to the forest for a few fun filled days of gossip , drinking , and romping around in the water . sounds familiar , does n't it ? see those bright objects moving in your peripheral vision ? they 're called red flags . things get a little tense when they stop off at a local bar populated with the usual hollywood redneck stereotypes in order to ask some questions only to discover that the locals , with the exception of the busty wife of the local sheriff , are n't interested in helping out . too , a creepy park custodian stumbles into the campground and gives everyone a scare before scurrying back into the forest . if you think we 'll see him again before the credits roll , that 's one bet i wo n't take . i should also mention a couple of other potential stresses facing the group . adam and his friend matt did something quite idiotic a few years before- -namely setting a house ablaze with fireworks that claimed the lives of the family living there- -that continues to haunt them to this day . too , one of the gals worries about a stalker boyfriend she recently broke up with . both of these scenarios serve to provide us with potential red herrings in order to make the film more suspenseful . i laugh defiantly at such nonsense . i wo n't spoil the ending for you , but i will take a few seconds to describe the incredibly banal lead up to the " twist " ending . for a slasher film , " adam & evil " is downright puritanical with the red stuff . i felt like a bizarro clara peller hollering , " where 's the gore ? " every time a killing went down . seth , for example , perishes in his tent in a particularly bloodless , off camera fashion . a couple of the other kids meet their maker when they run into the killer while floating around on a raft in a pond , again a rather bloodless affair . the presence of a bow and arrows and a shed full of sharp instruments promised great things- -a promise unfulfilled , unfortunately . " adam & evil " is one of the tamest slashers i have ever seen . what did they do , turn the script over to the hayes commission before shooting scenes ? note to aspiring filmmakers : if you 're going to make a low budget slasher film that will never see a theatrical release , go over the top with the sauce . at least then you 've got a shot at making a cult classic . and another thing : make sure you pick people with a modicum of acting skills instead of the mannequins posing as living beings in this film . sure , you 'll have to shell out a few more bucks , but it 's worth it . remember , unless i 'm laughing so hard at the bad acting that the film achieves the coveted " so bad it 's good " label , ham handed performances can only hurt you . surprisingly , the dvd comes with a commentary track . not that you 'll want to listen to it , but there it is . we also get a few trailers for three other schlock films : " contagion , " " hallow 's end , " and " asylum days . " forget about picking up a copy of " adam & evil . " it 's not the sort of film a hardcore horror fan wants friends to see prominently displayed on the movie shelf . there are plenty of other worthier slashers out there that demand your attention .
health pos 275.txt it does a great job , i just tought it wound n't let any hair go , but i gess that 's impossible
software pos 433.txt i wish the reviewer had stated whether ms office 2003 small business edition satisfies the requirement . pending clarification , i 'll stick with encarta 2006 despite its less ( than 2005 version ) user friendly search page . encarta is an amazing product for kids of all ages and i 'm more than willing to predict that 2007 is worthy of 5 stars
dvd pos 561.txt i 'm the first to confess that i had never heard any of any of the actors starring in the 1951 robert wise gothic noir , the house on telegraph hill , but it does n't matter , because all the actors are good , and combined with an extremely effective plot , the movie is a terrific tale of murder , deceit and assumed identities in post world war san francisco . as was the fashion with many noir films of the time , the house on telegraph hill is told in flashback with a voice over from the heroine . she tells of her house that is empty and is up for sale , and one immediately assumes that something terrible has happened . however , the narrative soon jumps to germany at the end of the war , and we meet victoria kopwelska ( valentina cortese ) is a polish woman imprisoned in belsen . with her husband and family dead , victoria tells the kindly american commander major marc bennett ( william lundigan ) that there 's nothing for her back in poland . desperate to survive , victoria learns that her best friend has family in the united states , and if they are ever freed , she promises to take victoria to america with her . her friend however , is killed shortly before american troops can liberate the camp . with nowhere to go , victoria hatches a scheme to steal her friend 's papers and sail to america , where she learns now the godmother to a young boy chris ( gordon gebert ) , as well as the heir to a sizable fortune , and a gorgeously gothic house high atop telegraph hill , following the death of her " aunt . " ensconced in the ostensible mansion , victoria , now dressing in glamorous frocks and drinking expensive champagne marries the boy 's guardian alan spender ( richard basehart ) , partly out of desperation and partly out of the need for security . as victoria becomes a " mother " to the boy , she clashes with his governess margaret ( fay baker ) and coincidently reconnects with marc whom she met a belsen , now a studly a playboy type lawyer . all the adults are not as they seem : marc has been making secret plans to get his hands on the money , and victoria 's arrival causes him to draft a new scheme . victoria begins to believe that her new sweetheart is up to no good . and then there 's the margaret , the furtive outsider and whether her allegiances to chris are all they seem . the film is compelling , and tension-fuelled and beautifully shot in black and white . cortese is especially good in one of her first american roles and as victoria , she frantically tries to keep up her masquerade , yet through no fault of her own , she steadily becomes a victim of alan 's scheming . of particular note are the stunning location shots of san francisco . the main house is just beautiful and the scenes when victoria is playing baseball with chris offer stunning views of san francisco bay . the house on telegraph hill ultimately serves as one of the better noir thrillers - there 's a runaway car , poisoned orange juice , an enigmatic and jealous housekeeper and a false identity . it all makes for a gripping and entertaining film . victoria starts out as a victim , and although she schemes and lies her way into the house on telegraph hill , her ability to rise above the nefarious misdeeds enable her to achieve a kind of redemption for both her and chris . mike leonard april 06.
music pos 451.txt its quite difficult to sum up the impact of this cd with few mere words . suffice to say , level 1 is a timeless classic , in fact , it was my entry pass into the realm of d-n-b . logical progressions level 1 is a must-have for all d-n-b heads & amp ; music lovers in general . demon 's theme , western , danny 's song & amp ; horizons remain some of my favorite songs in any genre . bukem 's level 1 displays his flawless production & amp ; track mastery which cascades the listener with the ideal mid-tempo balance between dance-floor adrenaline & amp ; ambient bliss
books pos 238.txt i was a student of mr. clawson 's , and highly recommend any student of his to use this book as a study guide
software pos 519.txt in general...this program worked very well . i 've had a hard time putting my new dual core pentium d computer in the raid 1 configuration , so i bought this instead . the clone function works extremely well and is an adequate alternative to the raid 1 configuration , but i was a bit confused about how to use the " incremental backup " function . the initial backup went well , but when i went back for incremental backup additions , it would tell me it was " impossible " ....so i just clone the c drive every few weeks now . i have two seagate 320 gb sata hard drives , and it 's great to know that i have an exact copy of the c drive if i fry it . i live in ethiopia , so the power fluctuations are frequent and disastorous . i 've already lost one hard drive to power flux abnormalities . i 'd buy this product again , and it 's comforting to know that it 's on my system and that i can back up my valuable data easily and quickly when i need to
dvd pos 990.txt while the dubbing may be a little annoying , i still love this movie . the fight scenes are great and the movie is pretty funny at times . driving motorcycles over cars will always be cool in my book . do n't expect the deepest movie in the world , but do expect a quality martial arts film
music pos 928.txt this is a fabulous cd and exactly what i was looking for . i 'm also thrilled that it has an accompanying book with all the sheet music . i am leading a seder this year for a church group who has never heard any of the songs before , so i wanted the traditional melodies , easy to follow sheet music , and easy guitar chords . this is perfect ! i 'm so pleased
music neg 907.txt at no point in my following review am i by any means intentionally downing hank jr. i am just trying to give an honest review of this cd . at the time this album was realeased , hank jr. was riding high , winning big at the cma 's and acm's . he was also releasing some of the most critically aclaimed country records of his recording career . but then for some reason he decided he needed to record some rock and roll . to me this cd is a studio recorded version of a hank williams jr. live concert . the only difference is he did n't botch the vocals as he does on his live show . the music is decidedly 80% not country , it drifts towards eighties rock . if you trace hank jr. 's recording career , you can point at this cd at the one that started the downward spiral that he has only began to pull himself out of . i must say though , this cd contains one of hanks last top 10 hits , " if the south woulda won , " which is an hard to find recording on his compilations . i 'd say this cd is kinda essential collecion wise , just because of that song .
books pos 70.txt this is the text i love the best and it is easy to read and with the words of jesus in red . my only criticism in that the corners of the cover tend to bend - they are made of cardboard which is not as durable as leather , for which i would have paid more . however , it is very good value , and the delivery was as swift as ever
software pos 995.txt given my limited knowledge of computer science and programming i felt frontpage was a a really big help . i was able to get a website up and running in about 2 weeks which i think is pretty good all things considering . i did n't realize though that frontpage is n't the cureall for making a website really . primarily only for web design i.e. if you want to make a website with e-commerce and query searches of an inventory database and the like , you 're gonna need to bring in the professional programmers in any event to program in asp or php . but as far as web design goes frontpage can take a novice a long way .
software pos 455.txt thank you , i like this program and it does what i need it to do
health pos 865.txt old spice classic is far and away the best deodorant i 've ever used . it goes on clean , unlike those " powdery " white deodorants . it also has a great fragrance and longevity after application . i think a lot of that is due to the high alcohol content ; if you look at the ingredients , you 'll see that alcohol is listed first . in fact , the container sports a " flammable " warning . the alcohol really does work well to contain odor . alcohol-based deodorants are pretty hard to find , so i 'm thankful this product is still being made
dvd pos 961.txt this dvd will bring tears to your eyes . my father was a professional violist for over 40 years and got much pleasure from this video . my mother enjoys watching this video at least once a week . it will inspire any young violinst to play with more feeling and overall satisfaction . just seeing the old footage of the great masters of long ago is worth your purchase . if you are a lover of music , you must have this in your collection .
books neg 59.txt the setting of this book is beautiful , exotic , and interesting . the author , unfortunately , does nothing to take advantage of this . i am shocked that this book could possibly have won a national book award . it must mean that either the award itself is meaningless , or that there were some truly dreadful books out that year - - which i doubt . the topic of this book could have been more ably handled by just about anyone else , as far as i am concerned . i ca n't imagine it being done worse ! tuck 's writing style - - short vignettes or episodes , one after another - - is terribly ineffective and disjointed . i felt completely detached from all of the characters . i did n't feel like i gained any understanding of who they were , and was unmoved when they died or otherwise encountered tragedies . another thing that completely irritated me were tuck 's sexual references . throughout the novel , tuck would end her lame vignettes with one or two sentences mentioning some crass sexual encounter ( a finger inserted in an unmentionable place or a character participating in a masturbating contest , for example ) . these sentences seem to be thrown in just to shock or perhaps to intrigue the reader ; all they did was gross me out . they were written in such a way that they seemed to have been written by a teenage boy , not an adult woman trying to tell a compelling story . i do n't know what tuck was trying to do in this novel . i think she has failed to write anything that succeeds on any level : it is not entertaining . it is not profound . it is not educational . it is not beautiful . at only 248 pages , i ca n't say it was even a quick read . utterly forgettable , once you get past the irritation of having wasted your time reading it .
music pos 546.txt i have to tell you lionel hampton has yet to be matched in talent , and drive on the " phones . " funny story , it was tito puente the late and legendary " king of the mambo " was the one who showed lionel ( by carefull persuation ) the light of the " phones " and shuned him away from the piano . unfortunatly not much was known on this subject of the two meeting but i believe they meet in the service or right after tito was discharged for ww ii . i can tell you lionel , to me , is best know for his big version of " flying home " . a bigger , badder version of the small groups version he did with benny goodman , and teddy wilson . lionels closest match would have to be red narrvo form the 1930 's , but still mr. hampton ' s drive and moves on the stage has yet to be matched
camera neg 260.txt i bought the sd300 to take with me touring by motorcycle . it is so small , i can just put it in a belt case and always have it . with the appropriate sd card i can take a huge number of pictures at a high quality setting . the pictures turn out great , but . eight months after i bought it , the lcd screen suddenly went all crazed when turned on , tho there was no visible damage . i returned it for repair , no problem , no expense , had it back in two weeks . less than 3 months later , same thing . i know i did not drop or bump it , it went down in the 10 minutes between showing some pictures to one person , then to another , indoors . i called , was told it was still under warranty from the previous repair , and got a return label . then i got an e-mail saying that i would have to pay $97 for repairs to the lcd screen caused by impact damage . i replied to the e-mail to protest , and was ignored . i finaly called , and was told that tho the warranty was still in force , this damage was not covered . checking aroun the web , i found that this is a common problem , not damage . unfortunately , i had already authorized the repair when i found this out , so i guess i am stuck . i have several canon products , will not buy any more
software pos 440.txt taxcut has been very reliable information and easy to use when preparing your taxes . i have used it over the past several years . updates are easy to download and the software is great . this year the software arrived on a usb key . this is the easiest and best way to obtain the software . small , easy to store and is reusable . i will continue to use taxcut in the future
health neg 628.txt these are a cheap knock off of huggies pull-ups . and once the side comes apart , you ca n't put it back together like with pull-ups . over all a waste of money . just use pull-ups , they 're worth the extra money. .
books neg 167.txt the book is well-written . most parts of it i can agree with . but there is a crucial mistake in parson 's message - - - oneness likes to play separation . i can say clearly that oneness does not play separation . duality / ego is simply a mistake / illusion caused by mind-evolution . saying that oneness plays separation is giving reality to this illusion . also , his message that we can not do anything still gives one a feeling that one is under the " mercy " of something , and this is clearly very dualistic . without ego , both doing and not doing are actions of oneness , to intentionally emphasizing not doing is a mistake . there are many illuminating sentenses in this book , but be aware of the neo-advaitan trap . in my life , it was understanding , especially of the process of ego-illusion-image helped me to come to oneness . the one who is doing the understanding is still oneness . there is no duality in doing and not doing . at right this moment , you can chose to continue to read this review or to stop . of courses , you make choices in daily life . if you really understand what is meant by " nond-duality " , you will not make such statements such as " there is no choice " .
books neg 850.txt perfectly in keeping with the imperialist ethos that he so proudly and loudly espouses , boot has foisted upon us a book that rests entirely on the labors of others . lacking even the slightest trace of shame , he plunders concepts and ideas from anyplace in the intellisphere he chooses . as a result , there 's nary a new thought nor insight to be found anywhere within these pages . even more pitiably , like a renegade third world nuclear scientist trying to " sanitize " his clandestinely-acquired apparatus of any markings that might possibly identify its source , boot assiduously scrubs away any subtleties and nuance that the original thoughts may have possessed . one wearies quickly of the manichaean results . and like any ideologically-driven but technically inept would-be nuclear ( or social ) engineer , he fails utterly in his attempt to enrich his raw material even minimally , succeeding only in rendering it more toxic and hazardous than it originally was . why , even the title itself has been purloined from alistair home 's 1977 underground classic , " a savage war of peace " ! * considering that home 's tome arrives at essentially the opposite conclusions from boot 's , this is irony most profound . it is scarcely surprising , then , that recent history has thoroughly discredited the philosophies and policies so ear-splittingly trumpeted in boot 's book , thus rendering moot any lingering interest one might have had in perusing it - - unless one wishes to take counsel for the future by ruminating upon the ozymandian ruins of boot 's espoused belief system . * recently reprinted and highly recommended !
music pos 480.txt if you 're a fan of latin music and especially spanish guitar , you will love cafe tropical . every song is different from the next with instrumentation ranging from guitar , to piano , violin , trumpet , and a whole host of spicy percussion instruments . every time i put this cd on i hear new things , which i find makes for an even more enjoyable listen . as usual , johannes linstead delivers some of the most catchy and memorable melodies in the nouveau flamenco genre , and of course his guitar playing speaks for itself . highly recommended
dvd neg 191.txt this film is a perfect example of how straight action and big-name stars cannot replace the necessity of well written drama . i will not give away the plot - - although that is admittedly hard to do since there is so little of it . basically clooney 's character mr. ocean , a career burgler , is released from prison with a plan to rob the vault of a las vegas casino . so he recruits 11 men , each with a talent to add to the operation . this is where the trouble begins . the viewer is given no reason at all why he should sympathize with any of these characters . there is almost no introduction to many of them , and barely even a mention of their names . literally half an hour into the film " the eleven " are assembled and they 're already robbing the casino . how 's that for plot development ? and that 's basically it ladies and gentlemen : go to vegas , rob casino , go home , movie over . some of the " good guys " are even outright repellant . our would-be heros ' enterprise is bankrolled by some greasy hollywood tycoon . am i supposed to like this fat weasel ? the only reason we are given to sympathize at all with at least mr. ocean , is that the guy he 's robbing , the casion owner , is a really bad guy . supposedly he has people killed ' n stuff . ( this actor played a bad guy in godfather part 3 ) . but we never see any real evil deeds . in fact , he just seems like a handsome , polite , very prosperous businessman . he manages to raise his voice for just one line in the entire film . mr. ocean on the other hand , and his cohorts , are career criminals . but the guy they 're robbing is an even greater criminal , you see . so that makes it ok . and really , if you were being robbed , would n't you want to be robbed by george clooney and brad pitt ? they 're such nice guys . that makes getting robbed fun . just a couple of nice guys stealing from another nice guy . how thrilling . this entire film is a rushed series of action sequences punctuated by a few soap opera moments with julia roberts . there are a few minor things going on in the backgroung , like a boxing match , which are essentially irrelevent . throughout there seems to be vital information missing ( like say , a plot ) . soderbergh simply did a terrible job of making me care what happens to clooney and roberts . this film is also horribly cut . several times what seemed like vital plot details were intoduced , and then completely forgotten about . take the scene where pitt and a buddy are casing out the joint and the casino 's owner makes an appearence . the folder he has just been handed , explains pitt , contains secret security codes . you would think that would be something important right ? you would think they will need to get those codes . well , wrong . in fact you wo n't hear or see a single thing more about them for the rest of the movie . they introduce what seems to be an important detail and then totally abandon it without any development . and that happens all the time in this movie . in fact mr. ocean 's team gets down the secure elevator shaft and into the vault with only minor difficulties . ( and boy , they started repelling down that shaft quick , did n't they ? you did n't even know they were robbing the place yet . wow , these guys are good . or maybe steven soderbergh is as over-rated as his film . ) they make it look easier than breaking into the safe at 7-eleven . this , after mr. ocean briefed his crew at the beginning on the nearly impregnable security measures the vault was supposed to have . one would hope this film would at least end strong . but soderburgh makes the final scene open ended in such a way as to leave the audience confused and disappointed . we are left wondering whether the " eleven " actually got away with their caper...or worse . what a way to completely overturn the mood of a movie that at least had the merit of being light-hearted . the writer of the screenplay even said as much in the audio commentary to the dvd ! ( as did the actors in their commentary . ) probably the best moment on this dvd is hearing the screenwriter tell soderbergh to his face that he screwed up the ending . i am loath to give either 1 or 5 stars , since hardly anything is absolutely good or bad , but this film comes very close to 1 star . this is your standard artistically worthless hollywood product . it is big on budget , big on bling , and low on story . i suppose if you just feel like wasting some time , this is as good a way to do it as any . personally i would rather have a story with more substance
books neg 547.txt from a sociological perspective , hustlers , beats , and others serves what it set out to do , explore the sociological aspects of billiards in america and the culture that has accompained it through time . however with the recent boom of billiards into mainstram american society , many of his observations and conclusions are dated if not false . te book just goes to many places , crime , pornography , etc. and fails what it set out to originally acomplish . furthermore , i find it quite unusal that the author chooses to contend a great deal of current ideologies toward billiards . is this not a sociological perspective , or an historical editorial.as a college student , and a sociology major , the author fails to win my support from his argument . all in all , quite disapointing as i found it at my local bookstore and the cover looked interesting . i was left with a feeling of disappointment when i finished this book , as it completely crushed many of the idealization and ideologies and norms that are associated to theculture of billiards . stick with the sociology , cut the editoria
camera neg 479.txt normally i wouldnt write a review , but i have had numerous experiences with this camera that i thought i would share . my sister first bought the camera , and i was amazed with how user friendly it was and i thought the pictures turned out pretty well . shortly afterward , her screen blacked out , without any great impact or weather damage . naturally , i assumed it mustve gotten bumped in the wrong way , tough luck . i then proceeded to buy one for myself , and a couple of months after i had it , my screen also inexplicably failed to work . and then for christmas , my sister received a replacement camera for her broken one , and yet again , shortly after purchase , the screen was broken . i do accept some responsibility for the damage , i imagine that if it was in a purse in a bookbag , perhaps it got rattled around a bit . but three times ? i dont find this to be a coincidence , and i do not reccomend that you risk your money , because you too may have to replace it after 3 months
camera pos 597.txt through most of the 1990s , i lived overseas in both europe and asia . unfortunately , my number of photos from these times are limited to a handful as i hated looking like a " tourist " with my bulky camera ! nowadays , i no longer have to worry about that because of cameras like this one ! i intially bought this t7 after using a friend 's t1 and being impressed with the size of it . the t7 is obviously considerably smaller , which is even better ! i bought this camera right as they were coming out and paid well over $400 for it plus a 1gb memory stick pro . both are investments that even to this day ( over a year later ) i am very happy with . i have taken this camera just about everywhere and wherever i go people love to look at it . i can say i 've probably sold at least a dozen of these to people that fell in love with the size of the camera and the quality of photos it takes . as far as size , that is the biggest plus to it 's advantage . it can fit anywhere . even with the optional case that you can buy for it , it still easily fits in a trouser or jacket pocket , without even a noticable bulge . as far as photo quality goes , as most of the reviews note , the camera is very limited when it comes to night time shots . i 've found that these shots are often hit and miss as far as what you 'll get , but for the size of the lens and the size of the flash , what can you expect ? after shooting a few thousand photos with this camera , i know what will be a good and bad night shot , and with the playback feature , you can quickly see the quality of your photo and retake if needed . is it perfect ? no , but that 's super tough in a camera this small . some reviews note the difficulty trying to take a photo while holding the camera still . i 've never had issue with this , but i could see how it could be an issue , it 's just never one either my wife ( the primary user ) or i have dealt with . i would venture that probably the vast majority of buyers of this camera will likewise not have a problem . i 've recorded more than a few .mpg movies with the camera and it surprisingly outperformed some of my bigger ( and more expensive ) point-and-shoot digital cameras . i have been very pleased with that . another drawback noted by many reviews is the lcd screen and the chance of breaking it . i put a plastic screen protector ( the thin plastic sheet type held by static ) on it as soon as i bought it and have n't had a problem . i 've sat on the camera before ( by accident , of course ! ) and have had it in luggage and the like , but have never had a problem . the most significant drawback that i 've had with the camera is that it can take more photos ( esp with the 1gb card ) than the battery will last . buy a second battery and you 'll be more than good , but it 's just something to keep in mind . i would highly recommend this camera for anyone who travels , or anyone who wants a camera to take quick photos . it can be carried anywhere and for the vast majority of shots , it 's all that you need . i can say that we have many photos of our kids ( and really good ones , too ) that we would never had gotten if my wife did n't regularly carry this camera in her purse and diaper bag ! i 'm happy enough with it that i 'm going to buy a second one for myself ( especially now that the prices have dropped so much ! ) so that my wife can use our first one entirely for her own photography . i give it five stars and would definately recommend it to others
camera pos 639.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos
health pos 903.txt it took a while to get this product but , it was worth the wait . the iron heats up quickly and easily . when you have arthritis like me , you appreciate the simplicities in this product . it heated up fast and safely and it was so easy to grip the handle . it definitely styled my hair without over-processing it . thanks
books neg 173.txt is the main goal of every male evo-psy writer to attack feminism ? here 's an experiment for you : juxtapose the ideas in this book and , say , pinker 's blank slate with those of , i do n't know , any two female evo-psi writers and watch the incongruities jump off the pages . it 's f&#%ing comical . but guess what ? the females ' books are way better thought out and accurate while the males ' are a lot of wishful thinking . hmmm....aging , successful man writes that lovely young lasses and aging , successful males are made for each other . that men are wired to treat sexually liberated women like s@ &% , and to fawn over repressed , chastity obsessed airheads . whatever
camera pos 947.txt this is a great camera - it 's so thin , and takes amazing pictures , even when the subject is moving . the best shot option makes taking pictures under any kind of lighting great quality . i suggest this to anyone
music pos 162.txt i have to admit that , at first listening , i found some aspects of ms.belle 's interpretations of these pieces disorienting . however , as i listened to these covers repeatedly , i can now say that i understand better what the vocalist is after . not that i always agree with her and with george duke , the arranger / producer , but i agree with their choices and their totally new project and enjoy having had my horizons broadened . ms.belle has immense talent , superb technique , and a clear idea of each piece , and she delivers the goods without faltering or compromise . i admire that a lot in a performer . her choices ask us for a reaction and we are free to accept or reject what she has offered us . when i first heard these renditions , i was quite stand-offish , but over time i have come to appreciate them more and more - almost to the point of addiction - and am grateful to regina and george for their strength of conviction as well as their superior musicianship.they do not want us to listen in a passive way , they are waiting for our reaction..and god , this is really so , so good....that 's the true spirit in which an album should be recorded . i 'd encourage you to get this album because it is about strong , powerful and personal interpretations of some great jazz standards by regina . you may love everything about it , or you may reject aspects of her interpretations . but in any case you will not remain indifferent ; you will be enriched by hearing these pieces in a clear and beautifully personal way . that is an important aspect of why i love this imaginative , innovative quality music and why this recording is invaluable . and it cannot be said enough that her backing band is incredible , giving this album the necessary push to take it over the edge . it is a success because it skilfully avoids being categorized . regina has had the courage to break out of the traditional mould and make a successful cross-over , which some purists may not approve of.. . only time will tell... .
books pos 273.txt what a great book . i have been turned off to religion due to the negativeness that surrounds it . watching joel osteen on tv and reading this book makes me love god even more . when i think back on my life , i have truly had many blessings and i no longer need to feel guilty for accepting god 's blessings . god has always been about love , hope , faith and greatness . he has never been about hatred , prejudice or guilt .
music neg 698.txt based on the reviews for this cd i decided to buy it without having sampled it . big mistake . i love , among others , marshall crenshaw , don dixon and peter holsapple , but what happened here ? this was so not fabulous
health pos 220.txt very classy scent . very strong . spray sparingly , a little goes a long way . lasts all day . will receive many compliments
dvd neg 715.txt even though tsui hark is one of my favorite hong kong directors , this movie did not at all show his skill . the story was poor along with the actors performances . i may be a little biased since i love john woo , and tsui hark killed their friendship by making this movie . worth checking out but i would'nt buy it if i were you
dvd neg 948.txt with the straight story , lynch demonstrated none of the recognizable trademarks that transformed him into the director that i love . this film felt like a " blind date " gone bad . the straight story showed up , david lynch arrived , but the rest of the date felt muddled , confusing , and utterly disastrous . everything in this film seemed wrong . lynch 's choice for lead actor , the bland sissy spacek , the filler of repeat cornfield montages , all the way to the incoherent time spent on the read , i just felt that nobody had control over this picture , yet the randomness ( and the possible tear ending ) gave critics something to smile about . this is not a david lynch film , and for those walking into this with images of mulholland drive , twin peaks , or even eraserhead in their mind will be utterly discombobulated . the straight story attempted to show us a slice of americana via the cornfields of iowa , but for this boy based in the flatlands of illinois , it just seemed repetitive and boring . what initially pulled me away from this film was the technique that lynch used to introduce us to alvin and his daughter rose . alvin lying on the ground because he ca n't get up , the clich use of taking him to the doctor letting us know that he is deteriorating , while bringing us the central conflict of his brother falling ill was just too much in such a little time frame . spacek 's depiction of rose seemed unbalanced and rather stale . she brought nothing fresh to this rather emotional character outside of a stutter and some unfunny scenes . i expected so much more from spacek with her timeline of cinema , but this felt like something she did on an afternoon instead of providing us with the intensity that she harbors . then , to add more fuel to the fire , there was richard farnsworth . again , he is n't a horrible actor , but it felt like lynch picked him because he fit the role physically , but alas , could n't master it mentally . farnsworth seemed out in left field for a majority of his time onscreen . i could n't tell if he was trying to remember his lines or if he was truly in character . his eyes seemed watery for everything which brought too much emotion to those little scenes , and seemed to bring not enough by the dramatic ending . his entire speech about his time overseas at war was pathetic , while some will quote it as being his speech of a lifetime , i saw it as babble ( and no , i am not that insensitive - i just felt it could have been handled by a stronger , more professional actor ) . the rest of the cast seemed equally as unimportant . i wanted lynch to either go 100% for this film or none at all , but alas , it felt as if he just half-ed his way through this heap . speaking of david lynch , where did he go in this film ? there were some scenes that i witnessed that screamed the director that i love , but then there were others that just felt like he took pointers from ken burns ' " looking at america " class . i hated the sweeping cornfields that seem to plague this film . instead of keeping us by alvin 's side throughout his journey , lynch gave us a repetitive view of farming and corn . there is nothing wrong with this technique when making the epic that one desperately needs to see once in a while , but when the same images were used over and over again , i nearly felt lynch was humoring us with the dulls of iowa instead of being the majestic all the critics raved about . i think he could have been stronger with his filler than what he was with this film . he needed something to couple with the authenticity of alvin , but the stock-footage that he chose to show was definitely not the balance one could hope for . i also felt there was more to be discussed with the friends that he met along the way . alvin was a walking storybook , filled with the way that he led his own life instead of listening to those around him and learning from their experiences as well . lynch made alvin very closed minded , which did not create a strong protagonist for the feature . alvin was a strong character , but i needed more with this story . i wanted him to make choices , learn new things , and bring that to his brother 's table when they eventually met . i felt cheated when this never occurred and felt as if lynch was saying that this journey through americana was that we could learn from alvin , and not vice-versa . overall , i was n't stunned by this picture . i thought lynch could have been stronger with his choice of direction and cast instead of what seemed like he just " played it safe " . the overplayed stock footage of cornfields infuriated me due to the lack of time that we could have been spending with alvin . speaking of alvin , why could n't he have been a stronger , better-rounded character ? i felt after watching this film that lynch had duped me into believing that he wanted to paint a picture of america , but instead gave us nothing more than soft music , recycled images , and stock characters . the stories were interesting to listen to , but brought nothing fresh to the table . i must admit that the brotherly love moment brought a tear to my eye ( since i have a brother as well ) , but why could n't we focus on this further . lynch made the riff between the two brothers seem like a toss in the pan , when it was the central focus of this film . the straight story could have been a strong tale bringing in a new image for lynch , but instead it felt jagged and old . i could suggest one viewing for this film , any further , and you will see how dull those cornfields really claim to be ! grade : ** out of ****
health neg 143.txt i love this turban . it enables me to dry my hair without wearing a huge towel on my head . it 's lightweight and extremely absorbant . i have been using one for more than 5 years . i 'll never go back to usung a regular towel for my hair
dvd pos 627.txt do n't discount this film because you are dismayed by tom cruise . this film is excellent and a must see . the symbolism in this film alone makes it worth a look . attempt to ignore good old tom and rekindle your love for him pre-insanity . kubrick rarely gets enough accolades for this movie , as he should
dvd neg 426.txt i still have not received this dvd . it was ordered on 12 / 8 / 06 and was supposed to ship on 12 / 12 / 06. i am very upset that it did not arrive as it was a christmas gift . i cannot rate the product as i do n't have it . i sent an e-mail through amazon to jrmovies several days ago and have not heard from them . i would appreciate a response or a refund
dvd neg 666.txt colorado 's san juan mountains from durango to silverton to ouray is my favorite place to vacation in the usa . so when i saw the preview of durango kids on another dvd , i decided to rent it on netflix . it is one of those movies where villains are cartoonish , and the kids , while cute , outsmart all the stupid adults . the first 30 minutes showed some nice locations in and around durango , including the steam train ( that 's why i purchased a used copy ) but then it goes into time travel to save ouray from becoming a ghost town and the movie becomes a stupid bore , intended for young and undemanding children . do n't bother unless you love durango as much as i do
health pos 988.txt very convenient reading glasses . you could hang them on your neck when not using them , and not even notice they are there . they are very sturdy , and are flexible making them almost imposible to break . cons : both sets i purchased i notice them to be on the narrow side . they sometimes can feel too tight to the side of your face . the glasses are also not practicable to wear for a person with long hair , as the glasses would trap your hair against your face
camera pos 967.txt i enjoy all the features of this item . the main compartment that hold the camera is soft and secure . you can open it without worrying about your camera falling off . the back compartment is roomy enough for all the basic gear . the slot for memory cards 1-4 ( depends on the card type ) , batteries ( roomy for four aa ) , and cables can fit in it . the shoulder strap is basic and looks flimsy . it 's not long enough to hold comfortable diagonally but on the side is good . the belt loop is very secure and can fit on belt three inch in width . it can even handle the worst environment ever . hot , dry climate with sandstorms and occasional accidental drops . it has protected my dig . camera very well
health pos 200.txt it takes some getting used to , but once you do you will love it . it leaves my teeth cleaner than any toothbrush , electric or other , that i have ever used . you feel at first like it is totally strange ( it is ! ) . does n't take more than a few times using it to realize that it 's a great concept and so much faster than anything else . i have no buyers remorse . i just wish that changing the brushes on it were simpler so one brush could be shared with another person . you really are best to have one per person with this one since changing the brush a lot is a hassle
camera pos 577.txt when it comes to buying camcorders , i personally like the one with the build in memory . but after using this camcorder i was forced to change my mind . unlike other sony camcorders , first of all , it offers upto 40x zoom which is a lot . its a good use of your money . you can have it for under $400 and still works better than a lot of choices out there . easy to use , touch screen , takes still photos , has a good speaker so it 's easier to record video and voice , fits into your palm so to speak , and if you use rewritable mini dvds , you would n't have to worry about go out of memory . so when it comes to sony camcorders , i would say the better quality of this one would get the job done properly .
music pos 220.txt evan dando has once again delivered an astounding collection of pop / punk songs . this album rocks like lovey and is almost as catchy as come on feel . i 've been listening to this album for weeks on end .
music neg 827.txt it 's a decent album but she seems to copy riffs a bit on this album . mother mother definitly rips of stairway to heaven from stairway 's ending vocals riff . ( and as we wind on down the road. . ) does she give zep credit on that ? now that rockstar supernova has used the song twice it has brought mother , mother back to life a bit but that riff rip just annoys me . good female yell and complain song but i just ca n't get past that riff rip
health pos 312.txt after total knee replacement , this wedge sure helped to keep my knee in one place and elevated , while preventing me from moving too much while i slept or was resting . highly recommended
dvd neg 944.txt really not worth the effort to find it , even if george macdonald fraser was involved with the screenplay . the producers chose the " least best " of the flashman novels to adapt , they cast the wrong actor to play the role , and they reduced the whole story to a bawdy , not-very-funny , slapstick comedy . do n't bother searching for it . true flashman fans will be disappointed
software pos 140.txt the software does a lot of great things . you can start basic and work your way up to the more difficult tasks . the system does run a bit slow and takes a long time to shut off but other than that , it is great software
health pos 228.txt this booster cushion that you fill with water works very well in the spa . it is comfortable to sit on and saves wear on bathing suits . you need to put in in the spa while it is heating otherwise it is cold to sit on . it is a good product .
software neg 813.txt i bought this software two days ago , installed it on my laptop and all of a sudden , my network connection was messed up . i could not figure how to connect to the wireless or wired network . my other computers were still able to connect , so it was a problem with the computer with fix it installed . after much work , i finally uninstalled the software and right away was able to get back on the network . i am not sure if there is some kind of firewall setting with the software , or if it was just the software itself . anyway , i am unsure whether to reinstall this software or not
health pos 358.txt i agree with the previous reviewer . i have used this brush for years ! it was recommended to me by a hairdresser , and i will never use a different brush . unless you have fine , thin , hair , you will love this brush ! ! !
software neg 733.txt i have always used norton antivirus , and had no problems with it at all . i have recently had to migrate to outlook 2003 and norton is 2005 and have non-stop system crashes . i have now uninstalled it and resinstalled my old version of norton professional and hey presto everything is working again - and not talking two hours to load .
music neg 287.txt i ca n't discard these songs completely , because they have such potential ! clever , fun lyrics , great beat , but boy i wish this guy could hit his notes more often ! i suppose this fellow requires the sort of " pitch does n't matter " mindset that grateful dead listeners perfected years ago ( or similar drugs ) . i 'm just not that tolerant or substance affected
camera neg 564.txt i agree with the previous reviewer . buying , attaching , and using this microphone is a waste of time and effort . save your money and get a good microphone , unless you want your sound track to sound like someone mumbling into a tin can
books pos 252.txt i recommend this book highly for anyone who is losing a close family member or friend to illness or who has lost someone and just are having a hard time coming to terms with why
software pos 802.txt the fact that they call this premier is a little overdone . the reality is that this is the " pro " version with a few bells and whistles which in most cases do not warrant the additional price
health neg 324.txt i was overwhelmed by the choices , and selected this model , in part , because of the reasonal price . i had read reviews which mentioned problems and the need to return the product , but i decided there was only a small possibility of that happening . the instructions said to use the lowest setting initially , which certainly made sense . however , the instructions said to move the adjustment " toward the tip " , which turned out to be the highest , not the lowest setting ! the diagram on the handle indicated that the movement was toward the larger opening , but i read the directions and did not look at the diagram until later . the spray was very powerful and actually " hurt " , especially when it was by my tooth with a crown . the next day i tried adjusting the settings with the pik over my sink , not in my mouth ! it felt wonderful on the lower setting ! i reread the directions again ( and again over the next several days ) to see if the error was mine or theirs . i still think the directions were not written properly . the third day i had trouble getting any spray at all . this continued for about a week , some days getting more or less , but never a full spray on any setting ! my guess is that it was in a permanent " pause " mode . i gave up and pursued returning the item . it needed to be returned to an " authorized repair " , which luckily was only a few miles away ( there were only three in my state ) . the repair man had told me , over the phone , it was a discontinued model and had n't been made in about a year . when he looked at it , he found it had been made in 2006. he said he could fix it , but was n't allowed to ; i am awaiting a replacement to arrive in the mail .
health pos 614.txt these bags are much sturdier and thicker than the gerber bags . you also do n't have to cut the bags open after defrosting / heating them up . amazingly they are cheaper than the gerber bags too ! i 've used them for several months and have n't had one leak yet . but i am pretty careful and store the milk bags flat in tupperware containers in the freezer
camera pos 463.txt it 's a wonderful piece of equipment . love it . wish they made one for larger objects
software pos 376.txt product was exactly as advertised and arrived in excellent condition
dvd pos 71.txt it 's not a conflict of good and evil that drives millions ( fox ) , but rather issues of what 's right and wrong . set in the uk , this exquisite family film about two brothers , serious seven year old damien and fun-loving nine year anthony , who recently lost their mom and discover a suitcase full of british pounds has dropped out of the sky and crashed into their playhouse . and it 's only seven days before the official currency switches to euros . the brothers think it came from god and they have differing agendas : spend it on themselves or give it to the needy . but the money , on a train to incinerators , was tossed by crooks to accomplices and they want the missing bag back . millions is funny , scary and profound . you may even discover things about yourself you never before considered . rated : pg . genre : family drama / comedy . 1 hour , 38 minutes . starring : james nesbitt , daisy donovan , alex etel , lewis mcgibbon . director : danny boyle .
camera pos 466.txt i bought my k10d in dec 06 after owning a number of pentax cameras over the years and being very pleased with the engineering . the combination of features , if executed properly , make this camera the best buy in 10mp dslrs right now . i postponed my review because i wanted to get some real field experience . i just went to mexico , and panicked because i left the camera instruction manual behind . i can now report on that trip . i did a little fumbling at first , mainly because i did n't have the manual , but i was soon able to find the combinations i wanted , and the camera performed both flexibly and intuitively . the af button and the exposure compensation button are very well placed . i found myself in difficult lighting situations often , and both af and exposure metering worked quite well . i also took some hand-held shots that i normally would use a tripod with ( such as at 450mm ) , and very few came out fuzzy because of camera movement . in a few cases , i used bracketing , and was easily able to obtain a good balance of details in one or more of the bracketed shots . exposure metering worked so well that i stopped bracketing . i particularly liked the display modes : i could boost the brightness to see the display even in bright daylight , and deep zooming gave me a good check of whether a shot was " soft " or not right at the scene . the rechargeable li ion batteries , although not readily available in stores , seem to last forever ( even using power zoom , and full-bright display , and some fill flash ) . i believe that i could have shot all week ( 700 shots in raw ( dng ) + jpeg ) with the battery grip attached . in summary , this camera was a pleasure to hold , very easy to use and manipulate , and resulted in a high percentage of crisp photos ( even if the percentage of well-composed shots was lower because of the photographer ) . i bought it because of its compatibility with pentax lenses , 10mp sensor , shake-reduction technology , larger display , and especially the dust and water seals . but what makes me quite happy about it is its overall ease of use and good results . i am still discovering its features , but i already know that this camera frees me to be creative in ways that other cameras have not in the past . some of the features on this camera are unique ( new program lines ) and some are available only on cameras costing several hundred dollars more , making the k10d a good choice and a best buy . once again for pentax , the engineering is supurb .
dvd pos 27.txt my son was over 2 before we introduced be videos . there are definitely those which cater to the younger baby with lots of random images , but this one is great in that it has puppet shows with a little plot , as well as discrete integrated units for each of the seasons . unlike some of the other be 's with random visuals , here the visuals truly support the learning objective desired . concur with other reviewers as well that this is the most robust be video in bonus features . it has both puppet shows and another short learning video of all the seasons . and no i did n't care for the commercial either.. .
books pos 881.txt black metropolis is perhaps the founding document of african-american studies , a classic work of sociology that still resonates today . it is a paradigmatic expression of the chicago school of sociology , however , a school that today stands in some disrepute , at least in some circles . indirectly , it was the target of james baldwin 's famous attack on richard wright in his essay , everybody 's protest novel . the claim of the criticism has been that the chicago school , due to its insistance upon using a & quot ; scientific approach&quot ; , merely reproduces the very terms under which african-americans have been oppressed- -a claim that has proceeded under the warrant of european intellectuals such as theodor adorno . still , black metropolis is a landmark study , and , unfortunately , many if not most of its observations and conclusions remain true today , and in fact it could be argued that conditions in the black belt of chicago have gotten worse , not better , since 1945 , the year of black metropolis ' publication- -which lends a certain credence to the criticisms mentioned above , though perhaps it should be qualified by saying that they are not so much criticisms of the chicago school as they are criticisms of american society . since then , as we know , we have witnessed a great shift in american public opinion away from what some consider to be the excesses of those days ; so much so , in fact , that the work of black metropolis may again be regarded as a profoundly useful book . embodying american liberalism as it does- -which counted as a grave sin thirty years ago- -black metropolis may possibly be due for a fresh look
software neg 719.txt this product is worse than useless . right off the bat , the tutorials do not behave as depicted . what is left does not run properly . i spent hours and hours trying to make a cd from an lp , all to no avail.to make matters worse , this bug infested monstrosity , has very poor support . there is no 800 number . the version that i had came with 10 days of tecnical assistance that was useless ! after the 10 days , technical assistance costs $1.29 a minute , plus the cost of the long distance call ! i repeat ! do not buy this product !
software neg 297.txt i use turbotax every year and i would e-file also . it says i can e-file for $16.95 and it even says that 's all it will cost on one of the last windows . then right before it is about to transmit it says $16.95 for federal plus $16.95 for state plus 2.5 percent what i owe to some " third party " company , thats $25 for each 1 , 000 you owe . if i 'm paying some third company to transmit my return than why am i paying turbotax to do it also ? so ok i 'll print it out and send it in . it wants to print out every worksheet and statement for a total of 53 pages . it no longer gives you the option to just print the pages you need . i am now cornered into paying the extra $90 to efile or go through the torture of printing out 53 pages in which i need only 5 or 6. dirty trick . it makes the total cost $130. it would of been cheaper and more efficent going to a good accountant . other than that the program has worked even easier than ever before
books pos 307.txt always lively and perspicacious , this clever book seeks to solve a seemingly trivial puzzle : while historians have mustered a host of plausible explanations ( weapons , diseases , horses , etc. ) for why europeans spread so thickly into north america , australia , new zealand and argentina ( the lands crosby labels " neo-europes " ) , what could possibly explain why the dandelion did so as well ? the question does n't appear so innocuous when it is pointed out that not just the dandelion , but the european housefly , and feral pigs , and a horde of other weeds , pests , crops , diseases and livestock from europe followed suit . quite often these organisms , even the domesticated ones , raced ahead of european explorers themselves , rapidly proliferating into vast herds and stands that the settlers themselves could not fathom . why was this so ? why did n't , say , australian weeds , their seeds inadvertently shipped back to england , eventually carpet the meadows and fields of europe ? to answer this odd question , professor crosby begins his story with pangaea- -the great supercontinent that began to split apart about 200 million years ago into the continents we now have scattered about the globe . these " seams of pangaea " then forced a radical divergence in the terrestrial flora and fauna of the planet , and set the stage for the equally radical convergence initiated when european mariners crossed these now mid-oceanic seams . crosby details case after case in each category : weeds , pests , livestock , diseases and crops . he forcefully illustrates how sudden and overwhelming the ecosystem takeover was until the suspense is too much to bear . what is the answer ? he drops clues every now and then , and the most explicit one is in the form of a quote that begins one of the final chapters : if weeds are to be defined as those organisms that thrive on the disturbances caused by humans , then humans themselves must be considered the primary weed of all . here , then is the answer : all the opportunistic fellow-travelers of the european diaspora are exquisitely coadapted to the scale and pace of the continuous ecological disequilibrium characteristic of the old world civilizations- -and they , in turn , furthered and helped generate that very disequilibrium . together- -humans , horses , cattle , pigs , rats , clover , peaches , measles and , yes , dandelions- -comprised a potent self-replicating system , dimly discerned by its contemporaries , that could not be stopped once it spilled across the seams of pangaea
health pos 663.txt excellent product my hair was striaght and dry in a matter of minutes
dvd neg 503.txt even though i am not a streisand fan , i was astonished at just how dopey and annoying this movie was . the plot is supposed to revolve around a big change in appearance for streisand 's character , making her attractive - no , irresistible - to the main male character . the problem is , she looks almost exactly the same before and after the makeover ! somebody ( probably streisand ) thinks that highlighted hair , a tight black cocktail dress , and a baggy-lipped smirk are irresistible whereas a pink bridesmaid dress , casual clothes , and everyday looks are disgusting . baaaaaamp ! ( that 's the fallacy alarm going off : men , in my experience , do n't care much about clothes and makeup . ) there was a lot of emphasis placed on the streisand character 's losing weight by riding an exercise bike , but she looked exactly the same afterward - no detectable weight difference ! yet truly , the low point of the movie is the scene in which streisand , discussing her baby and early-childhood photos with her mother ( played by lauren bacall ) , blubbers , " wazz i a pretty baby ? wazz i a pretty babyyyyeeee ? " in that one scene , streisand 's neuroticism concerning her looks is fully revealed . the whole movie is about this issue , and it 's amazing that an entire cast , crew , and production company would devote themselves to b.s. 's emotional issues like that . i really think that the " funny girl " phenomenon somehow ruined streisand 's thought processes . the media buzz about her at the time was that she was kind of cute despite being light-years away from the stereotyped , northern european beauty standard of the time ( think grace kelly ; think ingrid bergman.... . ) . i recall reading about how her glowing complexion , thick hair , and good figure ( as well as her energy and voice ) carried her through despite her looks : long nose , large lips , slanted eyes . myself , i think she looks like an egyptian princess or similar ; but she certainly does n't look like grace kelly.... . so why ca n't she accept this ? the majority of us women , whatever our race , color , or bone-structure , learn to live with and love who we are.....at least i hope we do ! this movie is not about that . this movie says that you have to have a certain dress and hairdo to be desirable . maybe i should 've given it only one star
music pos 380.txt i would have to say that out of the countless bands i have heard over the past few years into eternity is one of the best and has one solid album here ! ! i think they have something a lot of bands do not have and the one cool thing about them is tim roth seems to give a real crud about his fans as he does guitar videos on his website to show you how you can break down his guitar riffs and that to me as a guitarist is so helpful ( ive learned some of their songs this way ) and this shows how he is not afraid to be the nicest guy and actually take that kind of time to be close and original to his fans.you just never see that these days . and the rest of this band has so much talent , stu can scream like halford growl too and has a high vocal range and it makes them sound interesting . plus jims drum work , how can anyone say this dude isnt one of the better drummers , he is so tight but can slow it down and tempo change very well . this album plain rocks , it should be known as these guys were on gigantour and rocked there too . be cool if them and annihilator went on tour . i have become very fond of them and hope they stick around and keep making great albums in a world overflowing with the same ole un-original bands that all sound the same !
software pos 813.txt this is a good computer bible , but for the money , i prefer a program like amg bible essentials which has the libronix library system built-in and can be integrated with other bible study software . for about $15 more the amg program has both kjv , apocrypha and nasb , including a lot of other capability , like greek translations , word study , exegesis , parallel bible comparisons , etc. the rainbow bible is an older issue and shows its age by not offering features as mentioned above . some benefits of this bible include both niv and kjv translations , color maps , matthew henry 's commentary , naves and a version of foxe 's book of martyrs . the various colors can be distracting at times , but overall it is worth considering , particularly if you like the niv
dvd pos 652.txt i ordered this movie for my husband . he loves it ! it 's a funny entertaining movie and something you can watch over and over . no big plot - but it 's got it 's moments . i 'm quite sure there is something for every european to be offended by.. . so keep a sense of humor and enjoy
books neg 42.txt though this book does present all the necessary information for learning about abnormal psychology , it 's the dryest , most aesthetically difficult to read textbook.. . especially if you happen to be studying the material online / through independent study . the publisher needs to redesign the book and / or you need to have a better online course professor . it feels nearly impossible to be interested in this material ( which is interesting in itself ) if you have to read the textbook front to back on your own without any instruction .
health neg 18.txt frankly suggest not to buy..will regret a lot after buying. . ooooo...aaaa.....ouchhhh.....tooo painful and hair starts growing in a weeek...and taking very loooooooooooooong timeee to finish one hand. . **************************dont buy********************
camera neg 836.txt i bought this about 10 months ago with an additional camera . the night vision only works on one of the cameras and the interference is horrible . it snaps and pops all night long and i have to move it all around to find " just the right spot " .i actually have to sleep with earplugs in to drown out the noise . i live in a single story 2100 sq . foot house . i should have returned it right away , but i kept it because i had no other monitor at the time . now , 10 months later , the volume control does not work anymore ! i am now trying to find a new monitor . i love having the video monitor though , so i will look for a different brand
health pos 214.txt i purchased this hairdryer after my professional conair yellowbird from the late 70 's broke . i definitely wanted another conair and i wanted to move into the 21st century ! i did the research and this hairdryer had the most features for the best price . i was n't disappointed . as the other reviewers have stated , this hairdryer dries your hair in half the time ! it 's also nice to reduce the static in your hair when you want to freshen up and are " dry brushing " your hair . it does draw a lot of power when on high heat and the highest blowing setting and the lights in my dressing room will dim . otherwise , it is very solidly built and i hope to have this hairdryer for another 30 years .
books neg 842.txt the first novel of laurell k . hamilton 's merry gentry series is not , actually , that terrible a book . it 's by far the best in a not particularly great series , actually . what made it almost impossible for me to read is that the basic premise , the set-up , is one of the most grotesquely , ridiculously stupid things i 've ever read . princess meredith nicessus has fled faerie , in fear of death at the hands of her aunt , andais , the queen of air and darkness and ruler of the unseelie court . high profile fae in this world are major public figures , like rock stars or the royal family of england . the sudden disappearance of one of the unseelie royals is a very big deal indeed . every news media in the world reports the story....and it never goes away . we are told solemnly that reports of princess meredith being spotted are right up there with elvis sightings . meredith 's image , the story of her mysterious disappearance , is everywhere . i mean , neolithic pygmies living in deepest africa know who meredith is , and what she looks like . meanwhile , princess meredith has disguised herself as a mortal private eye . thing is , she has n't disguised herself very much at all . her supernaturally pale skin is now humanly pale skin . her fae red hair is now human red hair . her facial features remain the same . and with everyone on the planet wondering where is princess meredith , for years on end , no one recognizes her . let me hasten to add , there is no magic involved in this , they honestly simply do n't recognize her . and the crowning touch to this masterful disguise , the name chosen for her pseudonym to hide the fact she 's actually princess meredith is....wait for it....merry gentry . jesus wept . and for years , none of her co-workers , no one who knows her , says to themself , " hey , wait a minute , that women who looks almost exactly like princess meredith....merry gentry....princess meredith....oh my god , merry gentry is princess meredith ! " nope , she 's just incognito , baby . at which point i almost threw down the book and said , " you have got to be kidding me . " it 's absolutely amazing to me this made it through the editing process . do laurell hamilton 's editors do anything other than rubber stamp her writing ? given her past six or eight novels , including this one , i 'm tempted to say : no , actually
music neg 980.txt i love plenty of contemporary country music.. . everything from " new bluegrass " ( alison krauss & union station ) to " new country " like reba mcentire , rascal flatts , brad paisley , martina.. . even a lot of faith & shania . but i think this cd is crap . the single star is for the only good song on the album , " heads carolina , tails california " - - but really , 1 star for one good song out of ten is a bit too generous . i 'm astounded at how bad the other 9 songs are.. . elementary-school rhyming , uninspired melody lines , stupid lyrics , below-average accompaniment , etc. one of the most annoying things to me is her habit of overpronnouncing every word in a song.. . i 'd guess someone told her at some point that she slurs her words , and she was trying to overcompensate . the result should be titled " hooked on phonics , starring jodee messina . " listen to the preview of " on a wing and a prayer " for a good example of what i 'm talking about . i thank my lucky stars i borrowed this cotton candy from the library , rather than shelling out $16 for one song . do yourself a favor and buy " heads carolina , tails california " online if you must have it
music neg 242.txt i 've been down for monica since the beginning ; but now i am finished , i love monica 's voice , but whats up with all these singers wanting to be rappers...wtf ! ! ! i want the soulfoul monica from the first cd , " sideline ho " are you serious ! ! ! again wtf ! ! could someone please come out with a soulful mature cd , cause this one aint even close .
dvd neg 411.txt a style over substance celebration of the drag queen mentality - if you enjoy misogynist bitchy dialogue being delivered by pantomime women , this movie is for you elliot 's love of drag queens overshadows the rest of this flimsy , contrived and lame narrative - clealry it 's about getting as many shots as possble of drag queen costumes against the outback setting it 's alleged stance against homophobia and plea of acceptance of difference is trite and cringeworthy if anything , this film reinforces negative stereotypes of gay men as nasty effeminate queens who are not to be taken serioulsy . sadly it 's been embraced by the same pandering gay men who think drag queens are ' camp ' and therefore funny , indicative of how off the mark they are of what defines camp ( go read susan sontag boys ) and how low ' gay culture ' as plummeted . there are plentiful nasty jokes targeting female gentilia , and a secondary racist commentary about thai women ' entrapping ' aussie men trashy and not in a good way . a must have for no brainer gay men .
health neg 857.txt first of all i was very disappointed when i received my waterpik cf-203c cascadia showerhead . it is all plastic ! i do not recall seeing that anywhere in the product specs . i thought when i oredered a chrome finish that it was some form of metal . sedondly , even with the head made of plastic , the plasic flexible hose is not strong enough to support it . we could not use it because the hose would just hang there and spray the wall . we installed it repeatedly , following each step of the instructions every time , thinking we were missing something . i eventually returned the showerhead to amazon
software neg 549.txt i tried to use this program to file a very simple return , and it calculated that i owed the state $550 for underpayment , as well as a $230 penalty for late payment . i tried working through the program several times to find the error . i found that the program was automatically checking boxes that i had n't checked ! i have no idea if that was the cause of the underpayment problem , which i was not able to resolve . in frustration , i went to [...] and filed my return easily within an hour , with a $140 return from the state rather than a $780 penalty
software pos 118.txt i 've been looking at buying this collection for some time now and i finally broke down and bought it . very pleased with everything included . lots of stuff to use , and not just cheezy clip art - lots of boarders , symbols , brush strokes , etc. the bundle that i bought contained 1 wrong disc ( disc 3 was actually disc 30 ) - one phone call and a new one was sent to my house no questions asked .
camera neg 108.txt i purchased this bag because i did not wnat to spend a ton of money on a case to protect my canon rebel eos digital camera . i only have 2 lenses , but the bag is capable of holding the camera and 4 lenses as well as pockets for cables , batteries , etc. i think this is a great unit , for the beginner ( like me ) or the pro .
music pos 382.txt back when blondie was being hailed as the biggest new-wave band in pop music by fans and critics alike , there were also just as many critics that quickly dismissed blondie as " bubblegum pop , " and one group that would never have staying power . but i think it 's been observed enough how the group has had the last laugh . parallel lines helped establish blondie as a serious music group and turned their cult following into commercial success . this album is also the first where debbie harry 's voice gets sharpened with the sensibility of a sweet , vulnerable girl one minute to sultry and rapturous behind disco grooves the next . the album made punk , pop , and disco shake hands , which was a method unheard of in 1978. songs like " hanging on the telephone , " " picture this , " " pretty baby , " and " sunday girl , " have become irresitable pop gems , while " i know but i do n't know , " and " fade away & radiate , " featuring a terrific guitar lick by robert fripp , are punk-driven classics . last but not least are the two hits that are forever getting played on the classic rock stations of today in " one way or another , " and " heart of glass . " and how has debbie harry played out as lead singer after all these years ? as rolling stone stated when this album was ranked #140 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time , " madonna was surely watching . "
health pos 468.txt it is very easy to use , turns on very quickly , and seems to be quite accurate . i also love that there are no extras required ( e.g. , ear tip covers ) . the kids want to have their temperature taken
books pos 247.txt always looking for new books on this subject as they are few and far between . this book is written by a cop who knows the business . really like the way its written , funny at times as well as informatove , good read actually enjoyed what can be dry material . highly recommended
health neg 252.txt i was just given this set - new - and was impressed by the reviews . i 'm not sure if it 's just my hair , but these do little more than a roller hair brush and dryer . i figured i needed to work out the kinks and give it another try . again same look and that 's all the curl i have after 20 minutes . concept is good - just does n't work on my fine , full head of hair . if you want curl stick to the hot rollers .
health pos 847.txt i love the taste of these little chocolates . i find that i need to have one 1 hour before eating - less and they do n't work . if i have two in one day ( late morning , mid-afternoon ) the effect is cumalative . i can eat a very light dinner and be completely satisfied
camera neg 280.txt the look and feel of this camcorder is very good . unfortunately my camcorder use is limited to low light indoor activities . for example , evening party , indoor school activities , kid drama and orchestra . this camcorder is not at all suitable for these activities . earlier i had a sony dcr trv140 , which was way better than this camcorder . this camcorder has a very small sensor and hence such a low price . one easy guide to evaluate the sensor size is to look at the optical zoom . most of the camcorders with more than 10x optical zoom has small sensors . these large optical zoom camcorders will perform poorly in low light . if you are planning to use this camcorder in low indoor light , i do not recommend it .
books pos 858.txt wow , this book should be given to every graduate entering the workforce along with their diploma . not just about cards , but also contains business etiquette , marketing tips and techniques , and ( un ) common sense . wish i had read it 20 years ago . required reading for pretty much anybody who has to go out into the world and deal with another person
health pos 300.txt i have been looking for a overbed table so that i could use my laptop and watch tv in the bed room . and this is the one i have been looking for . it takes about 15 mins for me to put it all together . did not have any problem at all
camera pos 303.txt first thing to do is to make sure which lens you are buying . the kit lens comes with canon 20d , 30d , 300d , or xt is the lower version , non usm one . on the higher version usm ones , you will see the red color " usm " at the front of the lens . according to the reviews , compare with the non usm ones , optically they are the same . however , the usm motor does focus faster and much quieter . people complain about the build quality . actually i feel that it is really not that bad , much better than the canon 50mm f1.8 ii . the usm auto focus performance is fast , never hunt , and much quieter than the 50mm f1.8 ii . it fits nicely on the xt . do not compare this hundred dollar lens to other lenses cost three times or more . we have to compare apple to apple . if you know the limitations on this lens and use it wisely , the images will come out nicely . 1. this is not the lens for indoors low light conditions . if you need to take lots of indoor pictures and the flash is not allowed , go get a different lens . ( for example , i use a canon 50mm f1.4 for this kind of situation . ) 2. the distortion on 18mm is quite a bit . avoid taking strait lines ( like buildings ) pictures on the edge while wide open . however , this can be easily corrected on computers . 3. step down the aperture to f8 or f11 , the resolution will be improved a lot even at the corners . overall , the performance is very good for a hundred dollar lens . it is very light weight and highly portable while traveling . this fits my needs as a cheap but fast with good image quality walk around lens .
dvd neg 174.txt absolutely unwatchable . cliche-ridden . so silly it 's very nearly offensive . it 's like watching one long music video by a b-level rapper - full of dumb , beautiful women , buff , monkey-headed ghetto thugs , and jokey tricked-out cars . without a doubt one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . the script is laughable , the acting worse . vin diesel and paul walker are more " dumb and dumber " than " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " . awful
music neg 150.txt come on . i cannot play these dual discs in my car nor any regular cd players . j&mc are excellent though
camera neg 658.txt my frame freezes after displaying a few pictures . the remote does n't work . there is no website for contact or support
books neg 747.txt when i first picked up drinking coffee elsewhere , i was excited to have the chance to read something that so many people seemed to enjoy . and , truthfully , it 's not a horrible book . it is entertaining , the style works , etc. on that note , if you 're looking for a fun read and do n't plan on thinking about it too much , then by all means , get it . my problem with the book is that it does n't deserve all the acclaim it 's getting- - if you want something that breaks boundaries or adds a new voice to the current socio-political situation of america , this is not your book . probably one of the major problems with the collection is that it 's heralded as a riveting commentary on the plight of the african american female . packer has very little new to say , and most of the underlying themes of the stories have not only been said previously by alice walker and other writers , but have also have been said better by those authors . drinking coffee elsewhere is no more than a watered down version of you ca n't keep a good woman down , a book that , while having its own problems , would probably be a better use of your time and money if you 're really interested in the social commentary in the text . even from the literary standpoint , it 's not terribly outstanding . the characters are stereotypes ; the plots are predictable . the adult female protagonists are all essentially the same person- - an intelligent outsider who struggles with race , religion , and fitting in- - and are generally pretty ornery about it as they do so . the other protagonists are the same , just not so irritable . similar to this lack of variation in her characters , packer varies little in her narrative style . yes , the language is pretty at times , but there is no experimentation with language or structure ; all of the writing is in a highly generic voice . finally , the stories themselves contain scenes that are n't necessary and that detract from the actual narrative . in short , drinking coffee elsewhere proves that what it takes to sell a lot of books is n't actual talent , but how much your publisher backs you . packer had the good fortune to have famous mentors and to be the product of some highly acclaimed writing programs , which resulted in her being picked up by a big name publisher who could pay to get her name out
dvd pos 567.txt i was more than impressed by this stupendous documentary . not only is it superior , photogrqphically speaking - - not only does it have beautiful & inspiring music - - it is factual and should open our eyes to what we have to lose in the name of oil ! we need to understand why environmentalists and educated elected officials care about protecting this pristine area . i was born , raised and educated in one of the most beautiful places in the u.s. in boulder , co - - at the foot of the flatirons - - but i truly feel this alaska wilderness is " god 's country . " buy this dvd - - view it - - invite everyone you care about to view it with you . you wll begin to care and maybe - - just maybe - - you will help to preserve it for your children & generations after you are gone
camera neg 359.txt i bought this harness because of the connecting straps from the harness to the binoculars . i have compact binoculars and wanted the extention straps for a better fit . the set i received did not have the extention straps included . the harness was the same as all the other harnesses i could buy locally for much less money with the only difference being the name on the back . if you are buying these because of the extention straps , you should email the seller first to make sure the straps are included before spending the extra dollars . they were well made , just not the same item as shown in the picture
camera pos 768.txt the changer performs perfectly . i was surprised that the price was so high for such a simple gadget . the only other drawback is that the cord is not as long as the original , about one foot shorter . other than that , it is fine . i gave my original changer to my daughter , whose charger died just before leaving the country
software pos 162.txt onecare is not a tweaker 's friend . it has no knobs and gizmos for power users to tinker with . however , it does one thing right . it works . when you use it , you truly do have one care . do what it tells you to make it green . if you can do that , your computer is safe from viruses , hackers , malware , spyware , known security vulnerabilities , low disk space , slow disk access , and data that is not backed up . onecare takes a layered approach to keep you and your data safe . it has an inbound firewall to keep bad stuff out of your computer . if bad stuff gets through the firewall , it has antivirus to stop it from affecting your system and an outbound firewall to keep it from spreading . if that does n't stop the bad stuff , it makes sure you have a backup of your data on a separate drive or on cds . in the past , i have n't bought security products . there are plenty of free ones on the market that do a satisfactory job . however , ever since i tried onecare as a beta tester , i fell in love with it . it is simple to use . reduce your worries about being online down to onecare and try it today . you can even install it on other computers to help keep friends and family protected
software pos 929.txt rosetta stone spanish is the third major spanish course that i am buying . i have comtpleted all of the spanish lessons in the pimsleur series , and have also completed learning spanish like crazy level one and two . i am one of those rare latinas that did not learn spanish from my parents . my mexican parents felt that it would be easier to " assimilate " if i only spoke english . after going to my grandparents ' home for holidays and being the only one there that did not speak spanish , and after having latino strangers speak to me in spanish and then look at me in astonishment when i struggled just to say " no , hablo espanol , " i felt that it was time for me to learn how to speak my language . the first course that i used was pimsleur spanish . compared to rosetta stone i must say that i learned much more vocabulary with the rosetta stone software . but i recommend pimsleur over rosetta stone , especially for the complete beginner . because of its easy teaching method , in my opinion pimsleur is even better than lslc for someone that has no experience whatsoever speaking spanish . pimsluer goes at a very slow pace . but if you have already learned some spanish on your own or in high school or college , then you can probably skip pismleur and go straight to lslc . or if you are the type of person that believes learning a foreign language should be more like a hurdle than a marathon you 'll probably want to go with learning spanish like crazy . lslc covers a lot more spanish words and grammar than pimsleur and moves at a quicker pace . so where does rosetta stone fit in ? i would say use rosetta stone after you have completed the above courses . it is difficult to really learn how to speak spanish with this software alone because you are only looking at pictures and repeating the phrases that you hear . you never really learn how to think in spanish and create your own sentences . so why am i still giving it 4 stars ? because if you already know how to speak some spanish from another course and you are on an intermediate level then you can add plenty more spanish words to your vocabulary by using the rosetta stone software . one negative about this course is that the method is tedious because the software 's interface is " antiquated " with photos from the 1980s . and the sound quality is not as clear as pimsleur or learning spanish like crazy . but if you stick it out through the drudgery , you will be surprised with how many spanish words you learned with this software . but i think pimsleur did a better job of teaching me concepts than this software is doing . and by teaching me concepts , i have really retained the material and by understanding concepts , i am able to take my own thoughts and form sentences . something that i would not have been able to do if i had used this course alone . another negative about this course , is that unlike the other two courses that i mentioned , you have to use rosetta stone while sitting in a computer . that is difficult for me because i am very busy with classes , work and my personal life . i can use pimsleur or lslc on my mp3 player and not have to worry about sitting at a computer . besides the limited vocabulary and the slow teaching method , the only downside of pimsleur is that it does not teach the same spanish words that are most commonly used by mexicans and other latinos in regular conversation . pimsleur spanish is very formal spanish . we say " mucho gusto " like lslc teaches , pimsleur teaches " encantado . " and in our overly " macho " culture if a man responds with " encantado " many latinos may get the wrong impression about him . it is not something that i am proud to say about my ( latino ) culture , but it is true . and pimsleur does not warn the male student that if you say " encantado " to some latinos they may get the wrong impression about the speaker . learning spanish like crazy has taught me useful practical spanish that i can use to communicate with my spanish speaking friends and family . when i tell people that i learned to speak spanish as an adult and not at home as a child , many of them do not believe me . i think they find it incredible for two reasons : one , my accent really sounds like a native speaker from using lslc . two , i have learned real conversational spanish from lslc . i have learned words and phrases that spanish speakers actually use when speaking to each other . pimsleur taught me spanish that the author of the course thought that i should speak , not the spanish that latinos really speak . that is one of the positive things that separates lslc course from the others . so in what order would i rate the three in terms of ease of teaching method : 1. pimsleur spanish 2. learning spanish like crazy 3. rosetta stone spanish but in terms of teaching real conversational spanish and teaching a real latin american accent , i rate them as follows : 1. learning spanish like crazy 2. pimsleur spanish 3. rosetta stone spanish
camera neg 19.txt i agree with the previous review . the deluxe blower brush just left more dirt in the camera because the hair of the brush is falling out
camera neg 908.txt i bought this frame to display pictures of my newborn daughter on my desk at work . i did n't really have high expectations for it , because it was so inexpensive . as soon as it was turned on i had the following problems : 1 ) five seconds after i turn it on , it always says " usb connected ! " - - and i do n't have a usb cable inserted into it ! this also freezes the device . i found a way around this by selecting the memory card to read from within this initial 5 seconds or turning the frame on without any memory cards inserted . 2 ) i cannot copy files over to it as described in pages 33-35 of the manual . my computer does recognize the usb device , but when i try to copy files over to the frame , i get a " path is not found " error . 3 ) i thought i could live with the above 2 problems if it could just show my pictures . so i used a card reader to load .jpg files onto a cf card at 400x300 resolution . when , i plugged the card into the frame , these files show up as " invalid " when i try to view them . emailed coby with the 3 bullet points above , got a response 30 hours later saying : " coby tech support to me 5:25 am ( 3 hours ago ) hello , we have received your inquiry . it appears that your unit is defective . return the unit to the retailer for an exchange . " what an inconvenience and disappointment . i will be buying a different product
dvd neg 465.txt i saw this movie and i found it both shocking and choking . it displays children as young as 4 years old smoking cigarettes ! did the filmmakers take into account the damage tobacco could have done to these child stars ? ( yes , the cigarettes and the smoke were real , not cg . ) i think they should have omitted such scenes from the script , because it displays a behavior that 's not only illegal in several countries , but also threatening to both society and childhood . no matter what the other reviewers thought about the movie , i give it a disgusting 1 , and this is the last movie i ever watch that depicts smoking children . to those that have n't yet watched this movie , please do n't watch it , unless you want cancer to win the health wars . and here i hand out a lesson for every active or aspiring moviemaker : if you want to depict smoking children , use computer graphics instead of the real thing
music pos 76.txt this is my favorite ghostface slbum . it has a geat vibe to the cd and you could not get sick of hearing it . check it out and you wont be dissapointed . rating a
dvd pos 230.txt another great season of bewitched . to the horror of darrin and the joy of endora baby tabitha comes into her powers causing all kinds of new chaos from making her toys fly during a photo session , making aunt clara think her spells have messed up again , preventing darrin from leaving for work in wishcraft . this season marked the second gladys and second louise
health neg 492.txt pull ups are not very good for potty training , they are for parents who are too lazy to take their kids to the bathroom . potty training does not include using diapers . that is what these are is fancy diapers . if you want to potty train your kids put them in real underwear or training pants with a plastic cover on them . the wetness liner is a joke . these also give kids the impression that if they do not want to go to the bathroom they can just go in their pants
software neg 29.txt i have to qualify this review by saying that i do not own pm 8.0 , so i cannot fairly give a rating , despite overwhelmingly negative reviews . i can only relate personal experience with norton / symantec products . i do own and have used pm 6.0 since ' 01 when it was still powerquest instead of norton / symantec and it has worked very well , though the gui is a bit quirky . i have run it with 2 drives , one with 98se and xp pro , with pm loaded on 98se partition and it did everything i needed on both drives . trouble is , version 5.0 is , afaik , not compatible with xp and since m$ no longer supports 98se , we have a problem , houston . currently i am using a mobile drive bay to switch drives as needed . if i get a drive partitioning software product compatible with xp , it most assuredly will not be anything produced by norton / symantec , based on these reviews and personal experience with norton / symantec products . i first bought a computer in ' 98 and used norton antivirus 5.0. at that time , norton was probably the best antivirus product out there . it worked flawlessly and i used and recommended it for years . no more . i purchased a copy of symantec system works 2005 right after it was released . long story short , i no longer use norton products because i got tired of the system crashes and stability issues caused by the unstable bloatware and system resource hog that it has become , and am currently using a competing product that is very highly rated but is not common on the shelves of the big box stores . there is one lone symantec product i still use- --windoctor , which is not installed on my ' puter but ran from the cd as needed . adios , anything else produced by norton / symantec . it ai n't worth the headaches when there are much better products available for less coin .
health neg 377.txt the good : the massage function works fine , no problems with the performance , and the battery holds a good charge . the bad : how much money is saved in construction by using the cheapest foam padding imaginable ? the ugly : the ' pebbled vinyl ' material on the arms is already separating after six months . maybe a cheaper material could have been found...but i doubt it . overall good in theory , but very poor in execution . if some real quality were put into the product , it would rate potentially 5 stars . ' til then , you 've been warned... .
health pos 919.txt this works better than any other women 's shaver i 've ever used . it does give a close shave without irritating the skin
dvd pos 277.txt i guess i understand why this movie was so savagely criticized during it 's year of release , 1986. prince was still enjoying huge popularity based largely on the success of " purple rain , " both the film and the soundtrack . and critics love to knock someone off a pedestal , which is what they did to prince in those days . many claimed that the movie was nothing more than an ego trip . they could n't believe prince had the nerve to fire the director and then assume that role himself . it was all way too harsh criticism for a movie that is n't trying to be anything more than a fun romantic comedy . of course , poor critical response alone does n't usually keep the public from making a movie popular . yet " under the cherry moon " was a bomb at he box office . probably the main reason for this is that the movie , although shot in color , was released in black-and-white . for some unfathomable reason , the general movie-going public is more often than not horrified at the prospect of seeing a black-and-white movie . now do n't get me wrong , i 'm not claiming that had the movie been released in color that people would have flocked to it in droves . i 'm only saying that it would have attracted more of an audience if it had been in color . i will acknowledge that this movie 's target audience is prince fans . since i am one myself , and have been most of my life , i 'm not the most entirely objective viewer . but i make no apologies for my love of this movie . it 's not a " guilty pleasure " for me , because i proudly hold this as one of my favorites . i had only seen it a couple times before the dvd release - and unfotunately i missed it in theaters ( i could n't get anyone to take me , i was only 12 and none of my friends were into p and certainly not my parents - though my dad went with me a few years later to see " grafitti bridge " on opening night , but that 's for another review ) . but since it 's dvd release in 2004 , this has become one of my most-watched discs in my collection . the soundtrack is killer , the tunes make up one of the best prince albums ever . there 's even some great stuff heard in the movie that did n't make the album ( some of which was issued on 12 " vinyl ) . plus , i think the movie looks great - the cinematographer was michael ballhaus , who has multiple academy award nominations to his credit ( and was the dp on numerous martin scorsese classics ) . i wonder how the movie would feel in color , but i do think black-and-white was the right way to go . even though the movie is set in then-contemporary times , it has the feel of something from the ' 30s . there are so many classic moments in this movie , i wo n't try to list them all . but here are a few.. . christopher tracy ( prince ) giving his " bela lugosi eyes " ...tricky ( jerome benton ) tossing rose petals into the tub while christopher takes a bath...christopher freaking out when he sees bats at the eatery...the " wreka stow " scene...the car race between christopher and mary sharon ( kristen scott thomas ) . as for the acting , i 've heard a lot of people saying that prince 's performance was no good . i do n't see much truth in that claim . after being so serious in " purple rain , " it was a nice contrast to see him so loose and funny in this . jerome benton proved he could do just fine even without morris day at his side ( as in " purple rain " ) - i 'm surprised jerome has n't done much additional acting outside of prince movies . and obviously kristen scott thomas moved on from this , her first major role , to become an oscar-nominated , highly repected leading lady . how is the dvd presentation ? pretty good , for such a largely overlooked movie . the widescreen transfer and 2.0 stereo mix are n't anything phenomenal , but get the job done nonetheless ; the movie looks and sounds fine . as for features , anyone expecting a full-blown special edition like the 2-disc " purple rain " will be disappointed . but at least it 's not a completely bare-bones release - four music videos are included , though unfortunately not presented in optimal audio / visual quality ( though they are passable , i would 've preferred 5.1 mixes ) . the highlight is the live performance of " anotherlover " which was taken from a never-released ( at least not domestically , not sure if it saw the light of day anywhere outside the u.s. ) concert video documenting the parade tour . mtv held an interesting ( i.e. - very weird ) contest to determine where " under the cherry moon " would have it 's world premiere . the ten-thousandth caller to an mtv hotline would accompany prince to the premiere , which would be held in their hometown . mtv ran a special that covered the premiere party - and unlike the premiere of " purple rain " unfortunately this program is not to be found on " under the cherry moon " ' s dvd release . lisa barber was the contest winner , and the movie did indeed premiere in her hometown of sheridan , wyoming - a very unusual place for a big movie to premiere . when asked what he thought of the town of sheridan , prince summed it up with a single word : " purple . "
books pos 749.txt used this book all of the time in my german classes ! wish i had had this sooner , would have made everything a lot simpler . its easy to use , easy to understand , and great when you need to find something quick . this should be a book every college student , studying german , should be required to have
health neg 903.txt like the reviewer below , my dryer also stopped working within a short period . it was never dropped or misused - - after about a month , it simply refused to turn on when plugged in . now , there is a decent warranty for the product . however , with the money you spend on shipping and the $4 they request for handling / return shipping , buying another inexpensive dryer starts to sound like a better deal . i do n't know if the other reviewer and i got the only two lemons , but since we both found our way to amazon with this review , i would n't recommend the product to other buyers
camera pos 69.txt i recently purchased this for use with my 550ex . if you use alot of flash for event photography , you will want this in your kit . it is expensive , but i think it is worth every penny . it will keep you from changing aas in your strobe and it quickens the recycle times to nearly instant . you can shoot bursts and still get the proper flash exposure . you can attach a strap to sling it over your shoulder or slip it on your belt . mounting on my 20d was just not comfortable . it gets in the way of the hand-grip
music pos 993.txt this film came out in 1973 and i saw it in its original full length version ( about 3hours and 15 min . ) executives from columbia pictures were there , it was the premeire , and they were groaning and at the intermission fights broke out ( verbal ) and ushers passed among them and myself and everyone else with soundtrack albums . the executives left the theatre and scaled the albums across columbus circle in boston and i and a few friends retrieved them and had quite a few for free . we returned to the film and i have always loved this crazy redition of lost horizon , the miscasting , the terrible sets , the odd ball music for the story , the dubbed liv ullmann , the dance routines of olivia hussey..all of it . you cannot find a musical like it , or a soundtrack like it . columbia execs were unimaginative ; they should have believed in this film . the next day after this premeire in boston , new york etc. ( simultaneous i suppose ) the film was cut , the posters were taken down..there was a ton of material to buy..t shirts , dolls , posters of all sizes , bath towels with the poster on them , records of the sd tk of course , and small pop up sets of the entire film . it was to be a massive hit..in two days time all of the paraphanalia was removed , and the posters said , last two weeks , and in two weeks the whole thing disappeared . but many people came to see it..lines of people , and , when they heard it had been cut , they gave up , and in two weeks everyone said farewell to this film . i have many treasures from that opening nite , and now i have the cd of the sound track . anyone who loves movie magic or madness has to see and hear this film ; it is unique . enjoy this soundtrack and get your hands on a dvd ..they are out there
camera neg 139.txt i bought this battery as a replacement for an old canon bp511a . it lasted about a couple of months before it started not taking a charge . complete waste of money
dvd neg 179.txt nothing original here . nothing overly humourous . overall pretty bland in my opinion . the only part i thought was really worth watching was when the casket exploded at the end .
camera pos 399.txt bought this camera to replace my 35mm camera . am pleased with the trade up that i made . the shape is similar to my old film camera . thought this would make it easier to adjust to the smaller size of it . it has made the transition relatively smooth . i 'm sure there are smaller cameras out there , but this one is small enough . the display is also a good size - bigger than most that i looked at . i am not a genius at computers , so i was concerned that i would need to adapt to downloading pictures from the camera to the pc . but , all i need to do is plug in the cord and click a button . very easy to follow any instructions . i did notice that the display " freezes " for a second or two after a picture is taken . this is not generally a problem for me as most pictures are posed shots . i did run into some lag time during an easter egg hunt this past weekend , but still managed to get about a dozen good shots . overall , i like the camera and only wish i had gotten up the courage to go digital sooner
dvd neg 784.txt why ? why waste your time and money on producing crap ? sony execs must be out of their minds . the ghostbuster fans have been waiting years , and writing countless petitions to get the episodes on dvd , and this is what they come up with ? no . give us season dvds . give us a 140 episode box set . give us something . not 4 non-sequential episodes on a disc that can hold many times that . what a waste . this product gets 1 star because , apparently , you ca n't give it zero
camera pos 394.txt being in hawaii , i spend plenty of time in the water...so having an underwater housing for my camera is almost a necessity . i have been very happy with the results , shooting in the water ( snorkeling , etc ) and above the water ( surf footage-just watch out for water spots on the lens ) . some of my photos are up for view in other parts of the page for this housing . i treat things pretty roughly , and have been using this for about a year with no problems . and i am in the water with it on an almost daily basis . i like being able to use all the features of the camera ( minus downloading images or changing the battery or cf card ) while the camera is in the housing-something you cannot always say when looking at aftermarket housings that are non-canon manufactured . everything mates up cleanly and works great , i am very happy with my purchase . just remember to rinse it off / soak it in freshwater after taking it in the ocean or the pool to keep the corrosion at bay , and put a little light silicone grease on the o-ring for trouble free use
music pos 310.txt i purchased this album from rasputina 's website as soon as it was released there , and it stayed in my cd player ( or technically , it stayed on repeat on my ipod ) for a full fortnight after . it 's full of the rock , groove , beauty , and madness that typefies the live raspy experience . i highly recommend this cd to any fans who love to see the band live in recital , or who have not yet had the pleasure . if you do n't have this recording , buy it now ! wait a minute.. . why do n't you have it yet ? the only reason i 've given a rating of 4 , rather than 5 , is that i feel the sound quality could be a tad better in some spots ; it can get a little murky . but for the most part , it sounds pretty good . i 'll also mention , for anyone who does n't know , that zoe 's latest solo cd is now available on her website , zoekeating.com . she 's a wonderful artist in her own right - check it out !
dvd pos 913.txt oh ! how i will never forget seeing the re-release of this film . it was in 1974 and i could not keep my eye 's from it.it is now 2006 and i still can't .what this movie is to me is a place in my heart and being a avid collector of films from the silents to the classics and obscure i find that very meaningful.if you have not seen 7th you are missing out . it truly is a funtastic film.i put this above jason and the argonauts for my reason alone ( i know i stand alone in this for jason has more monsters and the great ray harryhausen has said jason is his fav.along with many of his fans ) .what 7th has above jason for me is music ! a soundtrack to a film has always been a extra push to a film and the 7th voyage has that extra push on jason.bernard herrman 's score is so dreamlike you can close your eyes and leave 7th on and the music is trancelike especially the snake woman dance.please anyone who reads this have 7th voyage in your collection ( jason & the argonauts too for that matter ) .you wont be dissapointed i will always be grateful to have seen this on the big screen and never forget it , i hope when you watch ray harryhausen 's children and bernard herrman 's music come to life you too will not forget it.some say gone with the wind , wizard of oz casablanca , citizen kane , jaws , star wars ( 77 ) , superman ( 78 ) e.t. titanic , 2001 a space & pulp fiction.not me ! if i was on a island and could only have one film from my library ( ouch ! i have alot of films and alot i love ) but i would have to pick the seventh voyage.that would be the one for me on the island.and please let it be the isle of colossus .
camera neg 933.txt i ordered this item about a month ago...i got the package in about 2 weeks and was so excited to open it i was like a 10 year old who just got their first bike ! ...i opened the package to only find a the charger for the camera...yes...only the charger...no camera to be found in the package ! ! ! ! ! ...i was so pissed i called amazon and asked them where the hell is my camera...and this is what they said " oh im sorry...we probably forgot to put it into the package " ...what kind of @#$%@#$@#$% is that...so i asked the guy to ship me a camera...and to my luck their were no more in stock...so i told the guy to forget it and for him to send me a return slip so that i can get my full $220 dollars back because of your horrible / terrible / ridiculous service . it is now feb and still no money back...i keep calling them and they say the returned package is still in transit....ive never heard of a package taking over a month to get to its destination...but i could be wrong right ? i wouldnt be surprised if i never see my 200 dollars again...if i wanted to waste 200 dollars like that i could have flushed them down the toilet....what a rip off ! ! ! ! ! ...it was an amazon vendor as well...@#$%@#%$@#q^@#$^@#$%#$$%^@...never again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
software neg 570.txt having had norton products installed for years including antivirus , internet security , and systemworks , i decided to replace the installed products with norton 360 and a non-norton password manager . obviously , it is critical to first remove all norton programs before installing norton 360. the installation process proceeded relatively smoothly . my computing environment includes a 1.6ghz processor , 1 , 000mb of memory , and 6gb of available disk . the background scans and liveupdate have played havoc with my other applications by periodically locking up the entire cpu at 100% cpu utilization . one application that streams radio broadcasts now stops . i immediately disabled the automatic updates and scheduled backups , however , the cpu occasionally still locks . additionally , there is no way to transfer security settings from previous norton products to norton 360 thereby making the installation process very labor intensive . if you now have separate norton security products and are satisfied with them , save your money and renew the norton subscriptions .
software pos 430.txt i currently have version 1.0 on my pc . it does everything it claims to and does it flawlessly . it cleans internet cache , history , cookies and more ! i 've tried another internet privacy program , but it failed to clean up the tracks that this program successfully cleaned . i especially like the fact that it cleans the autocomplete entries in my internet search and internet browser . others can use my pc , and wo n't be able to see what documents i 've recently opened , which programs i 've recently run , or what i 've searched for and what sites i 've visited online . and that 's the way it should be ! this program can be set to clean up this information securely ( can be set to wipe not just delete the info ) . another plus , it can clean usage tracks for all users on a pc . the program i tried on my other pc only worked with administrator accounts ( and not very well may i ad )
music pos 921.txt nightrage - descent into chaos - thomas lindberg 's latest offering to the music community is the swedish and greek mix called nightrage . this album actually being my first offering to the band i was unsure what to expect . like most i am a big fan of atg and lindberg 's harsh vocal styles... . nightrage however came as a pleasant surprise . ( as in it was n't , yet another , atg clone ) they seem to have more melody than thrash but definitely embody aspects of both genres... . the haunted , where the former atg guitar players are now located , seemed have gone with more thrash then melody . ( which is odd since they actually have atg 's guitar players ? ) anyway , enough comparisons ! nightrage is really decent for a newer band in an over saturated scene.. . amazing guitar work and one of the genres best vocalist makes this cd well worth a couple of listens . also i 've only given this album 2 spins at the current time and stuff like this usually grows on repeated listens . favorite songs : being nothing , phantasma , omen , and descent into chaos . -4 stars if you liked , agreed , or appreciated this please click yes for : " was this review helpful ? "
dvd neg 102.txt while some critics can argue with dan brown 's research and reasoning on certain historical points , one thing these da vinci " debunking " presentations will never be able to refute is this : the downplaying of the feminine role in western civilization and christianity , primarily by the catholic church , and the fact that the church still considered mary magdalene a common prostitute until just a few short years ago : 1969. nor is it possible to refute the recent polymorphously perverse scandals that have rocked the church after centuries of suppression and may have everything to do with the doctrinal distortions that dan brown has brought out in the open for serious review . this institution is in trouble because it is seriously out of balance with itself and has cut off its spiritual nose to despite its face by downplaying or denigrating the role of women as sacred beings and bearers of the light , when their healthy presence is needed more than ever as a corrective to some of these abuses and scandals . dan brown has done the world a great service by showing how the feminine role in the divine was written out 2000 years ago , with help from peter whose misogynistic views of women are plainly evident in the scriptures even today and are still , quite frankly , shocking and debasing . sorry , but upon this " rock " of male dominancy was built the church . thank you again , dan brown , by bringing these matters into the light of day so people can know more of their authentic history or at least do their own research to make up their own minds about which spiritual path is best for them and which ones were built on two millenniums worth of manipulations , obscurations and lies . these obscurations and lies happened through the efforts of a group of petty , insecure and misguided men down through the centuries to ensure their dominance and control over the masses , and they found a way to dominate not only the minds of the masses but their vast material resources , worth trillions , through guilt , control and other hidden but consistent abuses of power . and those of orthodox faith who continue to blindly support such hypocritical institutions have a lot more to answer for than any twenty dan browns put together . people are angry and they are angry at the failure of religion to live up to its own standards of behavior and for distorting what may have been jesus ' actual relationship with the women in his life- -or were the disciples just supposed to be members of a exclusive men 's club with jesus as head and women as a species relegated to second class citizenship ? to answer these questions , some of you will finally have to turn to your own heart and mind for a change instead of some literal interpretation of the truth , because not everything of the light is found in scriptures or on the printed page , especially after the scriptures have been selectively riddled with scissors for reasons of self-interest or from spiritual corruption . the next thing people should ask for is to have the vaults of the vatican thrown open for public view . lord only knows what plunder they contain
software neg 329.txt i purchased this updated version 1 / 5 / 07. it does not print correctly , and technical support assured me that the developer is " working on the problem " and a " fix " is soon to come . this is march 1 , and no update is available yet . this program is un-usable and i am very unhappy and would not recommend " as is " to anyone . i have the 2005 edition and was very pleased with it . this is a large embarrassment to the hallmark company
camera neg 630.txt i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap
dvd neg 435.txt george clooney is about as entertaining to watch as michael jackson being raped by the gorton 's fisherman . his pompous , self indulgent personality is better suited for being a walmart greeter . except he 'd probably be fired for only saying hello to himself . clooney : get los
camera pos 486.txt kodak door strains to shut with this battery . nice idea but , too bad for kodak owners . i have great success though with energizer lithium batteries . they last me a long time and fit perfectly
books neg 319.txt " col mike martin " raised in iraq , speaks fluent arabic........ . the taliban are pashtoon , they are not arabs , they do n't speak arabic , they do n't even like arabs very much . they are a totaly closed tribal society . i spent a year living and working with the pashtoon in 2005 in helmand province . there are no members of the taliban who are not pashtoon . the other ethnic groups in afghanistan , the tajik and the hazara , are opposed to the taliban . mike martin would not have the correct family , clan and tribal ties and background to carry this off . sorry , but forsythe has dropped the ball on this one .
music neg 620.txt i first heard the song on the radio en route to work . i enjoyed it immensely and wanted to know who did the remake . no doubt 's redo of the 80 's hit brought back good memories of the new wave era . but , of course , it does not compare to the original talk talk version
software pos 805.txt for years i used powerquest 's drive image 7 for backups . it 's rock solid and totally dependable . when symantec aquired powerquest they rolled the underlying technology of drive image 7 into norton ghost . the result is a very capable and reliable package that can backup partitions or entire drives and also provides support for incremental backups . most importantly , like drive image 7 , it provides for emergency recovery of your system . just boot from the ghost cd and restore the backup ( restore point ) that you select . i 've tested this process by making both full system backups and subsequent incremental backups , and then restoring the system from those backups . the process works flawlessly . if you need to restore to a different physical drive ( replaced a failed drive , etc ) , the process requires a few extra selections , but is still very straightforward . just take the time to read the manual . i 've seen acronis true image recommended by some both here and elsewhere . i 've tried acronis and find it lacking in one major respect : it simply is not reliable . during trials , i made backups with acronis . acronis indicated that the backups were successful but , when attempting to make a system recovery just minutes later , acronis indicated that the backups were corrupted and could not be used . the backups were worthless . when purchasing backup software remember that bells and whistles do n't count for anything . the only thing that counts is reliability . it must be able to reliably restore your system . norton ghost passes that test with flying colors .
books neg 810.txt this booklet has a lot of warner brothers drawings , but it does n't delve into the specifics of creating animation very well . i 'd recommend getting the animator 's survival kit instead as it has tons of good and well explained info on the art of creating your own animation
camera pos 318.txt puts a protective glass over your expensive gla$$ without distortion .
dvd pos 934.txt this is a good 1st season set for the series of criminal intent . i strongly recommend this if you are a fan
music neg 43.txt man , can she get anymore stupid and talentless . she needs to spend some of that undeserved bling bling on some singing lessons than her skimpy outfits . all the songs on this album are totally unlistenable ! she completely lacks power , vocal range and versatility . jennifer lopez represents everything that is wrong with music today . she gets a recording contract because her good looks and success with her acting career . just because your a great actor / actress does n't necessarily mean you can sing , too . some actors / actresses were able to achieve it , but not jennifer lopez . she needs to quit the music business while she still can . please stick to acting...oh , wait ! i forgot , she ca n't do that either !
dvd neg 826.txt this movie is soooooo boring ! ! ! ! the only thing good about this movie is the superfly soundtrack laced by none other than curtis mayfield ! ! ! avoid this movie . it sucks
software neg 210.txt if i had $1 for every time a cs2 app crashed and made expend real hours to redo work , i 'd have about $10. and that 's enough for me to say , beware of this set of applications ! adobe has allowed them to get too bloated , too slow , and the results are that all the programs ( but principally golive , indesign and illustrator , in that order ) are crashy and will quite suddenly , forcing you to expend the precious hours of your life redoing work you just finished . i cannot stress how disappointed i am in adobe , and how distraught i am that we as a nation have allowed the only two competing companies to join , thus guaranteeing that there will be less quality and innovation in the future . in any event , do not buy the cs2 apps , adobe does not deserve your support
health neg 843.txt i recieved these dead , they do n't fit right in most devices and i have n't been able to get them to work since they 've been recharged , it 's not my charger.... . waste of mone
camera neg 468.txt i bought this for my wife and she loved it . but it broke after the amazon return policy was up . i contacted the company by email twice and have not heard from them .
dvd neg 237.txt this movie is basically about 12 yr . old boys crying with each other . when does that ever happen ? the dialogue is completely unbelievable considering the age of these kids . what 12 yr . old worries about " ..never getting out of this small town . " ? i guess if your childhood consisted of sitting around and crying with your friends , then you might enjoy this movie in some lame nostalgic sense . i have a feeling oprah would like this movie .
dvd pos 329.txt terms of endearment captivates me with the believable relationship of mother and daughter as brilliantly portrayed by shirley maclaine and debra winger . it covers approximately 30 years of the turbulent yet loving relationship between mom aurora and daughter emma . they have their differences ; yet the love between them is always so obvious . it 's also refreshing how they seem to be able to talk about anything with each other , even their sex lives . i 've seen this movie several times , and everytime i cry at the end . in spite of the death , the movie ends on a positive note , giving us the feeling that life is going on and everything is going to be okay . the budding relationship between aurora and her neighbor ( also brilliantly portrayed by jack nicholson ) creates a plot-within-a-plot that is very entertaining and provides some comic relief from the sadness of the relationship between emma and her husband and children . the most interesting aspect is that emma gets so bent out of shape when she finds out that her husband has been cheating on her , when she has been cheating on him as well . somehow though we sympathize with emma and her gentle lover ( played by the very talented john lithgow ) . we feel like they belong together and somehow their relationship does n't seem wrong . if you are in the mood for a movie that is entertaining and gut-wrenching at the same time , this is a perfect choice
music pos 366.txt of course , no jazz musician can pack the energetic wallop that dizzy could . his trumpet can only be described as hot , and hearing his music makes you think of people dancing their legs off with garbage cans burning all around and smoke in the air . this man 's music has life in it . unfortunately , the real energy to dizzy is in his latin jazz work , and a more complete compilation of that style would be the compact jazz series . ken burns ' collection here is more versatile , but just not as lively as dizzy 's music can be . proceed with caution
books neg 43.txt i bought this audio cd set at the borders store , without the opportunity to preview the narration . had i been able to do so , i probably never would have purchased it , let alone paid full bookstore price for it . but i needed an audiobook for my long drive the next day , so i relented . lesson learned . the audio quality is very insonsistent , at at times very poor , having been transcribed from the original audiotape recording . while the author is obviously greatly informed on the historical and geopolitical details of the middle east , it does read very much like a history text . with the amount of detail presented , and the wide scope of coverage from one end of europe reaching into the former soviet states and beyond , one immediately feels the need for visual aids ( maps , timelines , etc. ) as guidance . the reader 's narration is monotononous , with a very constant cadence which dulls the senses . each sentence sounds the same as the last . this has the unfortunate effect of rendering each piece of information presented as no more significant than any other , and so all of the events seem to be lost to obscurity . after a while , the narration becomes little more than background noise . no information is retained by the listener
books neg 390.txt i lived in france . i know plenty of fat french women . and french women who drink hard liquor every day . and french women who drink coffee more than just in the morning . french women do n't have the market on thinness by any means . people all over the world have guilt about eating and learn bad habits . the author starts out trying to be objective but her arrogance comes out loud and clear as the book goes on . and her dropping of french phrases here and there throughout the book are downright annoying . nothing new in this book . eat less , exercise more .
dvd pos 742.txt this is an amazing dvd . i read reviews online all the time saying " anyone will like this " , but seriously . i even showed it to my mother who laughed . that 's a big deal . this dvd follows these four comedians on their two week tour . their nightly shows are spliced together with scenes of them in their bus on their way to that particular city . also throughout the episodes , it shows the comedians in interviews discussing comedy in america during her " time of need " , interpersonal relationships , and anything else they could think of . this dvd makes me laugh to tears every time . literally
software neg 192.txt loaded it on my laptop . it says that a compatible device was not found . went to website , downloaded patch . it said i had the latest patch already . everywhere you go on the roxio website , it tells you you can upgrade to version 8 for $20 off . it still is more than $50 and if version 6 does n't work , why would i throw more money at the problem ? i could find no usefull information on the website and no way to speak to someone . i took it back to best buy . they said they could only exchange it for the same piece of junk . i went next door to staples and they said if i bought software that does not work from them , they would refund my money if i bought it back within 14 days . so , i found a new source for software . pros : it did not crash my laptop it did not cause the modem to dial international calls cons : does n't work no tech support does n't work no tech suppor
books neg 712.txt i actually know where trieste was before i read this book . unfortunately i have never visited the city . i wanted to read this travel book about this famous city , but after a few chapters , i wondered where the book was going to . after the final chapter , i still do not know what the author 's intentions was with this book . perhaps i do n't read too many travel books . obviously the city means a lot to the author , but she did not express it clearly in her writing . i was scratching my head at the end , and wondering what i read . i learned a little about the city , but not in relation to the amount of time i spent reading this short book . the city of james joyce and maximillian . the imperial port of the austo-hungarian empire . the meeting point of slav , german , and latin empires . one of the ending points of the iron curtain . this city breeds interest and yet the author took us on a round about journal that confuses the reader . i am sure the author 's other books are good , her last one was not the greatest .
camera neg 349.txt i purchased this for my 10 yr old son . i was surprised at how , well , cheap it appeared . we took it out of the box and turned it on and it would not work at first , then it worked for about 10 minutes , then it never worked again and we had to return it . amazon was great during the return process and refunded our money quickly . we ended up buying the dgx 5.1 mp from a local store i it 's place . it has worked well for my son and is holding up to the rigors of youth . not a professional photography instrument , but a pretty decent unit for him
health pos 927.txt back in the early 90s i was going through a bad acne period . i finally visited a dermatologist , and he put me on an accutane regimen . i had sensitive skin and a tough beard , so regular shaving cream was too harsh ( especially while taking accutane - the solid brush-on cream i was using at the time burned the edges of my lips ) . he recommended that i shave with cetaphil . years later , my skin and beard are still troublesome . therefore , i 've kept cetaphil as a part of my shaving regimen . cetaphil goes on well and provides a nice lubrication for my shaver . it 's not harsh or irritating , even on a freshly shaved face . however , it 's kind of cold in the morning , which is a bit counter-productive after heating my face with hot water and shower steam to soften the whiskers . so i put the bottle on the tub floor while showering to heat it up with the runoff . by the time i 'm done , it 's warm enough for application after rubbing some around my hands for a second or two . however , even though cetaphil feels good and lubricates well , its consistency is a bit thin to use alone . i like a good lather , so i combine cetaphil with kiss my face moisture shave , which was recommended to me by a woman working at gnc . they mix well together , and i get a good , non-irritating shave by using the gillette fusion power razor . for post-shave comfort and to prevent breakouts , i apply a product that contains salicylic acid , such as clean&clear dual-action oil-free moisturizing lotion . if you have a razor-challenging beard and skin combination like me , then make cetaphil part of your shaving routine . recommended
music neg 253.txt i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so " out there " that when you first hear one of their cd's ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n't like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we 've got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n't have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 's kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country 's kind of cool , too . and dracula 's got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it 's really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n't really that good . i do n't know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n't have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band .
software neg 321.txt this is among the most disappointing symantec products ! ! ! when one tries to log in to the infovault , the login box is often empty ! there is no way to submit the information . it is also impossible to get a straight answer from customer service . bring back the old product , please ! ! ! ! have been a norton customer for years....this one is just not great ! !
dvd neg 421.txt the crappiest dvd release ever ! video and audio quality sucks ! this is not a jet li movie . buyer 's beware ! i 'll give this a negative rating
software pos 963.txt turbo tax deluxe is an excellent product but they should make it easier for you to back up without having to go thorugh the whole category to get to one item . also they should make it easier to make adjustments to your state return . it 's very annoying to find and adjust the state return once you have gone back into your federal return . i think it is a very good product but they should make it much easier to navigate to other areas especially for the state return
books neg 713.txt if you can learn to dance by reading a book whose recommendation was to hold your partner and & quot ; move to the music&quot ; , then you may find & quot ; kaizen event implementation manual&quot ; useful . this book talks about the history and terminology of lean manufacturing and does go into detail about team member selection . after that , this book shows blank forms of some of the data analysis forms often used during a kaizen event , but tells you nothing of how to complete the forms and analyze the results . nor is there any & quot ; road map&quot ; or guidelines for conducting a kaizen event itself . there is information about how to contact the author in the event that you decide to hire him to & quot ; fill in all blanks&quot ; in person . the book is simply another info-mercial where in this case , you are paying for the advertisement
camera neg 159.txt well of course i read the previous reviews regarding amazon shipping the grey-market version of this timer and figured that certainly by now they were shipping a us version.. . wrong ! i just received mine today and it 's got the international warranty card and users manual . i have n't decided if i 'm going to return it or not but figured that anyone else considering ordering this item should be advised that it appears that amazon is only shipping the grey-market version of this unit
camera neg 48.txt i have just bought the sony cybershot w100 camera little over a month ago and i have only taken 30-40 pictures , i loved it and then it just stopped working , so i recharged the baterry , no luck still the camera would n't turn off or on . so thankfully i had bought a 2nd backup battery charged it and tried the camera again . no it does n't work it only makes a slight ding sound and shuts off . basically worthless . it seems like it might have short circuited . but i was so excitted to buy this camera i read all instructions before use , i have n't let anyone else use it and it has n't been out of my sight , never been dropped , never in extreme hot or cold , always well protected . so i am going to try to return it or exchange it . i am hoping to get good service or i will be really upset for spending so much money and research just to take 30-40 pictures . hopefully i can let you know if they stand by their products . before now i have always been happy with what i have bought from amazo
health pos 856.txt i really like this product . it 's very dry and windy here and my lips have been very chapped . the neutrogena has helped 100% when nothing else worked ! ! i 'll definitely buy this product !
software neg 634.txt i am not a bookkeeper . without bookkeeping software i would be lost ! i own a small business and help keep books for a friend 's business . i have quickbooks from 1996 and love it so i convinced my friend to get this newer version . i am very disappointed with the format and see very little similarity between them . aarrrgh !
camera neg 782.txt this is not the best way to get started in astronomy . the low power eyepiece is fairly useful , the higher power one less so , and do n't even think of using the barlow . the maximum useful magnification for a 60mm scope is about 120-140x , assuming the objective lens is of good quality . when you use the middle and high magnifications provided with this scope , you exceed that limit and the increased image size is more than offset by breakdown . to their credit , the manufacturer has provided a reflex " red dot " finder in place of the useless 5x24 finders that plague so many similar scopes . even so , what you can expect to see in this scope is rather limited . some star clusters will be dimly visible , but galaxies and nebulae will be barely- -if at all- -visible . in a way , it is hard to fault celestron for making and marketing this scope . their upper-tier instruments are quite good , but the big money appears to be made on mass market toys like this . in one sense the sale of these scopes subsidizes their good models . just make sure , gentle reader , to stay away from the toys . using an astronomical telescope is not like playing an mp3 file and but rather like playing a guitar . it is a learned skill . and you must do a lot of homework before you buy a telescope . buying without prior experience is like buying a car without knowing anything about driving . if you want to see the wonders of the sky , contact your local astronomy club and attend one of their star parties . the members love sharing their hobby and can set you straight as to how to get started . the best way is to learn the sky with the unaided eye and 10x50 binoculars ( decent ones are available on amazon ) , then graduate to something along the lines of a 150-200mm ( 6-8 " ) dobsonian ; celestron 's own 6 " starhopper can be found on amazon for under $290. for more information on buying telescopes , see my encyclopedic guide on amazon : " so you want to buy a telescope .
books pos 976.txt this is one of the best bathroom books i have read . i bought it as a baby shower gift . not only is it funny but it has really helped some of my girl-friends reluctant little poopers .
dvd neg 947.txt i have watched this movie along with many other jet li films . to be very honest with you this movie is one that you can keep out of your collection . i was so caught up in the title that i really was expecting much more from the film . but i was very disappointed to say the least . the movie takes place in the early eighties . when gangs dressed in leather with chains , carrying spray paint and break danced occasionally . this was not the type of movie that i was expecting jet li to be in . if you want some real action packed jet li pick up the contract killer which will give you alot more for your money trust me you want be disappointed
books pos 409.txt practical , sage advice from stanley . not as good as his follow up , " the millionaire mind " this book is somewhat pedantic . it also suffers from the fact it 's extremely dry . the author 's writing is much more engaging in his followup , and that 's a much faster read . in addition to offering some practical tips " the millionaire next door " also lends itself to parody in books like dave barry 's money secrets , a book called " maybe life 's just not that into you " and something from andy borowitz , the name of which escapes me . if you have to choose between " the millionaire next door " and " the millionaire mind " go with the latter .
camera pos 200.txt this is the same charger came with my digital rebel , however , i like to charge two batteries at a time . so , i bought a second charger and place them side by side on the power strip . the prongs for the outlet fold over and into the back of the charger making the charger very compact , flat and easy to take along with you . it 's nice having a charger without long cords to fuss with .
health pos 796.txt i have n't actually used the bottles sent to me as of yet but used this product all last summer . i love the fact that the blue lizard suncream stays on so well . my kids can swim and stay at the beach for hours and blue lizard does the trick ! ! ! i do n't think they got burnt one time last year while i was using this . great product ! !
software neg 133.txt the computer i have now ( about 500 mhz ) is faster than my last one , and the earlier version of plus ! worked well with my older model . however , my current model ca n't process most of the programs available , so i just deleted the whole package . i intend to get a faster computer in the near future , and will use superpack at that time . the features look pretty cool , but i ca n't give it a favorable rating at this time . however , when i see how it would work with a faster processor , i may re-rate my review
camera neg 883.txt i loved this camera when i got it . but after three months the lens would not close . it makes grinding noises , the canon logo pops up on the screen then shuts off again . i am very disappointed in this camera
camera pos 199.txt be careful when you use this lens because it does not have is ( image stabilizer ) so if you have shaky hands and the exposure is any more than 1 / 8 of a second you are going to going to get some blur . this is why the lens is so cheap . this is especially bad when you are at the far end spectrum of this lens . if you are really zoomed in and it 's cloudy then you should know to use a tripod just in case . this goes for any lens , but if you will be using the 300-mm end of this then use a tripod . it 's common sense , but i 've loaned out this lens and they complained to me afterwards
books neg 83.txt i did not read the book but i did look it over carefully . i was hoping it would be a clear step by step guide to using ibd to apply the canslim method . there is so much information in the paper that it is not easy to apply all the techniques in an efficient manner . there are almost too many choices and directions possible . this book is not a step by step guide nor is it all that clear . i did find it to be unnecessarily wordy and vague . it just seems to go over the whole paper in a long winded fashion but does not get down to the nuts and bolts of & quot ; smart investing&quot ; as i was hoping it would . refer to william o'neil 's books for better guidance about how to invest . also , if you are a subscriber , there is a large amount of useful information on the ibd website at investors.com
health neg 71.txt read some reviews that say " my cousin lost 100 pounds by drinking this water and walking a mile a day , " and ask yourself - would n't that guy have lost the exact same weight drinking that much tap water and walking a mile a day ? ! this water is simply an attempt to fool gullible consumers into paying money for something with absolutely no value . if you wo n't drink water and exercise unless you have " special " water imbued with mythical powers , than by all means , this is the product for you . but if you prefer to save your money , simply exercise , eat healthier , and drink regular tap water
camera pos 546.txt our firm uses our powershotsd500 camera daily and often takes long videos of our work for our clients and material processing . long battery life is very important . we have over a dozen of the canon batteries . pleased with them all .
camera pos 207.txt this bag is great for your slr digtial camera . it has space for your extra lens . everything that came with you slr camera fits in this bag . this bag is a great buy and its not that expensive
books pos 743.txt ... i really was n't expecting a writer i would like almost as much as howard and mckenna ... what a great find ! if you like uber-alpha , warrior , edgy good-guy hero ( ex navy seal ) and a likable , feisty heroine , you have got to try this author . read this in one sitting
camera neg 322.txt the wifi is a great idea ! the idea on paper sounds amazing , but the way you had to do it was horrible . it gave you no control over what pictures or anything . plus it was slow . the picture quality was horrilbe ! ! ! m y two megapixel cell phone takes better pictures than this camera . they look amazing on the lcd screen , but once you get them on the computer , they are fuzzy , grainy , etc. i would not recomend this camera to anybody . yes , it has some nice features , but the pictures are anything but acceptable
camera neg 544.txt my wife got this for me for christmas . i was thrilled and thought it was a great idea . i charged the device and transferred pictures to it . i work in technology , so i agree with many of the other reviewers that the software is terrible - - to delete any photos , you have to delete them from the device , not the software . image quality is ok , but not good enough to be " sharing " with people . and after a few days of sorting through pictures and transferring and deleting them , it got a bit old . other than looking at it " straight-on " , nobody on either side of you can see the image . it 's back-lit , which is fine...but it does n't help much . unfortunately , the battery did n't last all that long . the device refused to charge after about two months , and eventually it died altogether . the only way to make the unit work was to plug in the usb cable ; the battery would not charge . so i contacted " support " and got a basic run-around , telling me that you " should n't charge the battery for more than 2-3 hours " at a time , and that i could request an rma to return it for replacement . warranty is no good , and it ca n't be returned . i 'm holding onto it because i 'll probably take it apart and use the internal parts to build a desktop " photocube " , so it can run off the usb cable . but i agree with others that - - even if this worked longer than 2 months - - it 's just a novelty that gets tedious quickly
books pos 945.txt i also used this book in my graduate program . this book provides an excellent overview student development theory . it is an excellent introductory text . i had the added benefit of using this text in a course taught by one of the authors
music pos 427.txt the slowed down almost spoken version of downpressor man nearly makes it worth the purchase price alone . sure i 've got most of the tracks on other tosh collections , but these recordings are excellent variants
books neg 698.txt no , not really . since this novella first appeared in harper 's some years back and then was the prologue in underworld , this makes the third time it 's appeared in print . and while it is brilliant , why buy this when you can buy underworld for about the same price
software pos 558.txt i just upgraded sd v4 to sd5 and could not be happier . release 5 has had a very rocky start to say the least . i do believe they released it a bit early . fortunately i read the sd forums daily and only downloaded version 5 when it seemed the big bugs had been dealt with . i have always found this product to be the best in it 's class . best detection and moreover removal . easy to use . i 've also had the product that is typically rated number 1 and for me it is no contest which i will stick with . this is my main , real time anti spyware product . i think one big plus is their customer service availability . this is important . they are very responsive . their forums on their website are also extremely helpful . customer service is also free . this application is fast and is not a resource hog . i have a lot of confidence in it . also recently just downloaded their pc tools plus firewall...it 's another great product and it is free ! basically a good company to deal with . i believe when the dust settles from this new ( albeit too early ) release of version 5 , you will see spyware doctor attain 1st place on many tech lists
music pos 245.txt the one song i know is a remake is " goodnight my love . " i know this because i have it on the original 45 issue and the cd version is an inferior remake . but the others with which i 'm familiar - but do n't have original vinyl to compare , only memories - seem authentic . the audio quality is great and certainly superior to some of the cds you find these days which are only re-recordings of old vinyl or cassettes .
music pos 589.txt hey there all , want to listen to some great songs by a country artist , chely wright , then go ahead and purchase this cd you will be amazed at the talent chely has . songs spanning from her ealier days to her current hits , a great collection for the diehard fan , and a great gift for those who have not been able to experience the very talented chely wright
camera pos 750.txt i bought this camera for my 16 year old granddaughter and she just loves it . the pics are bright and clear and the camera is very easy to handle
camera neg 29.txt this camera worked very well until the lens got jammed in its extended position . i sent the camera for warranty service ( i had it less than 7 months ) , and they refused to honor the warranty because it was a bit scuffed and a little decorative ring on the end of the lens that had been attached with 2-sided tape had come off . they claimed this happened due to physical damage , but this occurred during normal use : i was just changing modes and the lens did n't retract . do n't bother trying to get warranty service unless the unit looks brand new . even then , do n't be surprised if they renege on the warranty . i had another a410 that did the very same thing ( lens got jammed ) , but was stolen in a break-in before i sent it out for service ( so i suppose it was no loss after all ) . obviously there is a design flaw that causes the lens to extend too far and come off track inside . in short , this camera is not suitable for frequent use in the field . if you buy it , and plan to use it a lot , expect to be buying another camera or paying for a repair that should be covered under warranty ( which i 'm not doing ) soon .
camera pos 205.txt i have used this charger & battery package for a while now in my digital slr , battery performance is excellent ! the downside is that the charger has issues : the top bay charges faster than the bottom bay and the batteries get very hot when charging , it has not seemed to affect the batteries in the year i have had them . if you are looking for exceptional batteries buy these , and the charger is okay , just beware that it does not charge all nimh batteries but does do most
dvd pos 864.txt it is almost ashame that north amercian culture needs bill maher . after all , should n't honest yet entertaining social commentary be a little bit more available then it currently is ? on victory begins at home , maher creates entertainment by basically speaking his mind . maher 's central premise that the war on terrorism can be aided by what people do in the united states really is almost a common sense arguement . yet maher is so uniquely unapologetic about what he says and how he presents it , the commentary and comedy bristle with an energy that few comedians can match . maher does this by not pretending he is n't politically opinated , in fact that is what bases his comedy completely on , the rarity of straight-forward unabashed opinion . on victory begins at home he is more democrat then republican , but he openly sides with neither . instead , he rails at all presenting himself as a full person , neither liberal nor conservative , right-wing or left-wing . the end result is an engaging and unique look at culture that seems unfiltered . there is no spin here , what maher realizes is that no spin is funny in a world full of it . with all the spin that is normally doled out by the news media , political columnists and special interest groups , know wonder we need him so much .
dvd neg 138.txt if you have read harmon 's acting resume online , then you know she has talent , she has the training , and the ability to really play a good dramatic role if one came along . but being a mild conservative ( angie is a republican ) in liberal hollywood can useually mean that the film companies give her really medicore scripts to look at . good advice was bad advice for her . it is miscast with two annoying stars ; sheen and richards...and some of the worst scenes and dialoge ever in a movie . it has no redeaming values at all and angie deserves better roles then this . this movie was made by artiscan films , which recently went into bankruptcy and is now lions gate films , their films are still bad no matter the name change , and i still wait to see a better movie come to angie harmon
music pos 321.txt not speaking or understanding tibetian , did n't lessen the joy of being totally absorbed by this wonderful movie , and the music from this soundtrack is the reason why . it guides you like a sherpa , gently leading you along the high trails , powerfully pulling you to the heights of ever thinning air . you are at once engulfed in the tibetian life , you live the experience through the deep gutteral chants , singing bowls , and drums
music pos 173.txt this is my favorite bob dylan album . the album begins and ends with two of the greatest songs ever , like a rolling stone and my favorite desolation row . sandwiched in between are some fantastic songs . the album is filled with incredible lyrics , wonderful music , and a mean harmonica . if you want to know why bob dylan is a legend buy this album
camera pos 605.txt at first it was a little hard to get my pictures to look as good as the samples , but i found that by re-sizing them to about an inch or so on the computer before downloading them that they show up alot better . also , the ones with higher contrast are easier to see farther away . just look at the samples that come pre-loaded to remind yourself that it is possible to get great-looking pics at a surprisingly high resolution . after a few practice downloads i was thrilled with the results . **another plus : this one came with a wall charger . most have to be plugged in to the usb to charge . the wall charger makes it perfect to share on vacation when you 're away from your computer
health neg 444.txt unless you have the physique of an nba player find another make of massager . this one is too heavy , hard or impossible to hold , and very awkward to use . if used by one person on another it might be usable . on the positive side it does give you a good massage
camera pos 707.txt i bought this for my husband for christmas . i researched a lot of frames for reviews , picture quality , size of picture , ease of loading it with pictures and overall look . this frame is excellent and my husband really cherishes it .
health pos 858.txt saved my love life , literally . it worked for me in a couple days and though its a tad pricey well worth the money , doesnt burn or sting either . if only all other stuff i used worked this good i coulda had a date to the prom . cause i tried everything . thanks princereign
music neg 853.txt chicane should just stop releasing material under that guise ever again . fftmc and bts were lush and beautiful productions . nicks latest attempts have been pathetic...from a musical standpoint and from a professional production standpoint...even his older ' pop ' remixes for other artists were better than this rubbish he 's doing these days...no , we 're not saying recycle the older productions , but instead it 's a matter of putting the effort and ' originality ' in the profuctions...a signature if you will...and hey , it does n't have to pigeon hole you if done with class...yes , how the mighty have fallen.. . oh brother. .
dvd pos 121.txt we all know the movie and story of the silence of the lambs . i reviewed the movie and gave it a 5 star rating because to me , it is one of the best films ever made . now , with red dragon , i give it 4 stars but i think this is a very good movie and what makes it so good is... . anthony hopkins , the brilliant actor who plays hannibal lecter . i do n't think this movie would have been as good if hopkins would n't have played the role of lecter . i own the original manhunter , which is an older movie and it was good but hopkins can not be beat for the hannibal lecter role . this is a great thriller film ! ! edward norton delivers a very good performance as retired fbi agent will graham . when a series of serial killing style murders start , graham is called out of retirement to help the fbi catch the killer known as " the tooth fairy " . he eventually seeks the aid of lecter to help him find who this killer is . like silence of the lambs , we find graham visiting lecter in his maximum security facility . very cool scenes in this movie with some blood and violence . this movie holds true to the book with the same name . we get to see lecter wearing the famous face mask he wore in s.o.t.l. without going further into all the details of the movie , i 'll just say this is a great prequel although it came after s.o.t.l. and the movie hannibal . also , ralph fiennes delivers a good performance as the red dragon . for anyone who has n't seen this movie , it 's a must see ! ! ! !
books neg 230.txt children love to follow instructions , step by step , and this book has an over abundance of unnecessary and inefficient steps that can make a simple recipe that would normally take 20 minutes to prep , drag on for hours . any adult , who cooks like this does n't cook often , cooks professionally or spends most of their waking hours in a kitchen . for example , who in a modern home kitchen cuts a stick of butter , melts it in a pan then pours it into a ( plastic , microwave safe ) mixing bowl ? great , now there 's a pan , a knife and a cutting board to wash ! it is a children 's cookbook , so why not cut down on time spent with knives , stovetop flames and inevitable messes by just melting the uncut butter in the plastic mixing bowl with the microwave ? nice pictures , large font , recipes are great , but ( in my opinion ) obviously written by someone working in a fully staffed professional kitchen , not a home .
music neg 205.txt i 'm mean , i know these guys do n't have a shred of originality. . afterall , that make some of the same crappy beats you can put together on piano 's and they just got to mess up classic songs also . he 's about as good of a musician as he is an actor . this country is just too unoriginal these days
software pos 534.txt the mia series are great for our family . the kids always look forward to playing their mia games . they have the math adventure and grandmas remedy . the two disc thing is confusing...but really does n't interrupt play . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is because it can be a little glitchy sometimes...mia will get stuck somewhere and not respond . we just go back to a game saved in a similar spot and restart . so it 's not too big a deal .
software neg 504.txt i had to return this product . i have a newer g5 imac with all os x updates and as a program it worked . but if you buying this for a sreensaver , like i did , the product did n't work . i tried emailing and posted a question on allume forum , got no response .
health neg 532.txt if you have the philip 's sonicare brand electric toothbrush , do n't buy this unit , they do not fit in slots.i had to return mine , and am out shipping , handling , & return shipping charges . just an fyi , if your electric brush head is any bigger than a standard size toothbrush , ( diameter ) do n't buy it either , it wo n't fit . they do have a model esa302 that works with the sonicare , but it is alot larger
camera pos 972.txt i have own this camcorder for 6 month it 's a good camcorder , esay to use , easy to bring as it 's design purpose , pc-55 is enough for home use only one thing i want to mention here , before i buy this camcorder , i thought that i can record video on ms duo in mepg format , and it 's easy for post-edit on pc , you know , tansfer a minidv tape to computer may need a huge space to save . however , when i replay the video which stored on ms , the sreen was full of mosaic fortunately , when use dv type to record , this situation never happens . good quality . the one press photo button also becomes useless because the bad quality
books pos 251.txt jonathan glover 's book is not quite like anything you 've read on war , state terror , and genocide . the tour of twentieth-century horrors is thematic rather than chronological , organized according to the ethical issues glover wants to explore . this takes a little getting used to , but it allows the author to jump , for example , from the first world war to the cuban missile crisis , to see which lessons had been learned in the interim and which might be applied in the future . the cumulative power of glover 's pointillist technique is enormous . & quot ; humanity&quot ; combines a clear-eyed ( necessarily often gruesome ) depiction of *in*humanity with an informed and enlightening discussion of how leaders and ordinary people can change things for the better . as an examination of the psychological and existential origins of mass murder and genocide , it marks an advance on ervin staub 's classic & quot ; roots of evil , & quot ; and should be of interest to any student of modern history and politics
music pos 62.txt i 'm a huge matchbox fan and i listen to a collection of all 3 albums all day long . i never get tired of it ! rob thomas has such a powerful voice that it just beckons to me . his lyrics are soul searching and speak directly to me . what a great band ! what a great album ! what a great musical ride !
health pos 50.txt i 'm cursed with sensitive skin and a tough beard . i 'll break out or rash up if my skin gets irritated , so i have to carefully prep for shaving . after years of trial and error , i 've finally settled on a good shaving cream system : cetaphil skin cleanser for a base , then kiss my face moisture shave as a supplement . for post-shave comfort and to prevent breakouts , i use a product like clean&clear dual-action oil-free moisturizing lotion . however , the weak link up until now has been the actual shaver . with the gillette fusion power , i 've finally found the right one . i 've used gillette since they gave my unit free razors during the first gulf war ( i was in the marines at the time ) . they 've gotten the job done , but a 3-blade system is ultimately inadequate for my beard and skin type . it does n't take long for the blades to start cutting my face and neck , especially since i take forever to change blades . i dreaded looking in a bathroom mirror at work and seeing dried blood spots ( not to mention getting blood stains on my collar ) . electric shavers do n't work for me either - too hard on my skin , and i 'd have a five-o'clock shadow around 2pm . so , when i saw gillette touting their new 5-blade system , i gave it a shot . i was initially skeptical about the powered aspect due to my issues with electric shavers . but the fusion power is the happy exception . at first i struggled a bit getting the battery cap off of the end . but once i mastered that maneuver and got the battery in , i was set . it takes one aaa-battery that seems to last a decent interval ( the low-battery indicator is a nice touch ) . and even if the fusion power runs out of juice , you can still shave with it . the shaver glides over my face , and the vibration feels good - kind of like a pick-me-up in the morning . the five blades really nail my beard , and even tough spots like my chin and jaw line remain cut-free . i also like the one-blade trimmer on top - very handy for evening out my sideburns and zapping those stray whiskers right under my nostrils . my only issue is the expense of the blades . but i can make them last a lot longer than the old 3-blade razors while still getting a great shave . and most importantly , i rarely get those annoying cuts anymore ( if i do , it 's more because of rushing or clumsiness than anything else ) . ultimately , the result is worth the higher price . the gillette fusion power is the best shaver i 've ever tried . highly recommended
dvd pos 454.txt overall , this is an extremely awesome concert . i am a big fan of dt , and like pretty much all their stuff . the performance itself is pretty good , although the only truly special thing they do is the instrumedley and jordan 's keyboard solo . other than that they pretty much just play their songs as you hear them on the album . if they had done more special things , it would have gotten a 5 star rating instead of 4. other people complain about how the band really doesnt get into their music during the performance , but would say they did okay as far as that goes . sure the singer doesnt get out from behind the mic stand , thats because half the time he is dragging it along with him , although i will say the band overall doesnt really get into it as much as most other metal bands , and thats probably why they have the video show up on the screens behind them . the special features are also pretty good , but i would not buy this concert just for those , backstage footage and things of that nature are cool but do not make a dvd good by themselves . overall , i did think it was pretty cool , and i would recommend buying it if you like dream theater or just their genre of music in general
health pos 81.txt necessary replacement brush heads to maintain correct oral hygeine with rotary braun electric toothbrush . i foung amazon.com 's price for this item cheaper than costco or sam 's club ! ! !
software neg 718.txt this software suite promises to do everything on earth , but does n't tell us how . there is no useful help file . there are no tutorials or instructions on the website . and , nero 's support is a joke ( just try to get a message through ) . i do n't understand how a company that started out with the best burn program in the game has sunk to this
camera pos 644.txt this tripod arrived on time and in good condition . however i have to put the " heavy duty " in quotations as this item is for amateurs mostly and is made of plastic as well . the weight you can put on it is limited . however it does the job well for the amateur photographer or videographer
music neg 666.txt if you do n't have the blues , this record will give them to you.musically speaking , it 's tripe
health neg 484.txt made of cheap plastic . generate loud noise . the switch broke off the 2nd week i got it .
camera neg 220.txt i found the product to be made very poorly....all it too is one drop on the floor and the camera battery door cracked and that was is for the camera too....not a kid friendly camera at all
health neg 263.txt do n't waste your money on this size . go ahead and get the 19 x 39 towel . the absorbency is good but there 's no way it will fit around a head . also , i 'm not sure what to do with the snap that is attached either
health pos 907.txt tastes great , and it 's good for a normal weight training person like me
books pos 240.txt since i received this book i have been carting it around , using it for reference ever since . i wish that i had been introduced to this book sooner in my college career ; it sets a good foundation for the basics . it is also good for sparking ideas if you are stuck . robin williams also writes well , making it a fun , easy read ( like all her books ) . i highly recommend this title
music pos 88.txt ...wandering through the dorms in the 1970 's this was one of those albums that was in everyone 's collection . it was usually very near the front of the record stack . every time i hear that opening guitar riff from reelin ' in the years i glide back to a very nice place in time . if you hope to understand the evolution of us pop / rock music you need to become intimate with this recording !
software pos 237.txt this was a wonderful game ! hours of good , solid game play . an interesting mystery and intriguing characters . a chance to interact with aquatic life . i learned how to work a gps and a ham radio . it was so much fun . the puzzles were a good mix of ability-levels and types . word puzzles , spatial puzzles , problem-solving ones . i can completely recommend this game
books neg 20.txt this book was so different from the usual nr story . the burn scenes were too graphic and the rape scene was too graphic . if you want romance , skip this . it also seemed to take forever to get the book set up
camera pos 281.txt i just got this camera a month ago and i am satisfied with it . it has a lot of features despite its size . and for point and shoot i can say it 's a great buy , comparable to other power packed cameras , it even takes better pictures sometimes . but i just had to give it a 4 because i thought i could do more with it . but you ca n't do much with the settings since it has it 's own default settings for certain conditions . but over all it 's a great camera . if you 're just after taking normal pictures and you want something sleek , this is definitely a good buy .
music pos 636.txt this record is a must from the middle of the 50 's . excellent singer , very good musicians and an excellent recording . this record is still amazing and seems to sound very modern due to the quality of the recording and the mastering . i recommend this record to all rock and roll fan
books neg 991.txt if excelsior college did n't require this for the cpne , i would take it and throw it off the highest bridge i could find . horribly confusing , does n't make sense , and i cannot fathom how this would help your clinical practice . the only redeeming feature is that excelsior does not let you write in this , so i will have a brand new copy of this for sale to some poor nursing student . i do n't mean to sound harsh , but this book is n't easy to use , it is confusing , and contradicts itself
software pos 861.txt though it may lack some of the integrated tools of quicken or other financial software , ms money continues to be the best entry level software of its genre and the best value for the money . particularly notable is the ease of integrating it with your on-line banking tools to create a one stop shop for your financial needs
books pos 295.txt i bought this book for my 8 and 10 year old to learn more about american history while we live abroad in europe . i was more than pleased when i began reading the stories and found that they love the book ! from the lewis & clark expedition to pac man , the stories are interesting and succinct enough to hold my kids ' interest .
health pos 529.txt this dispenser is easy to install and works perfectly every time . after initially filling the dispensers , it took several pumps for the product to dispense but after that it comes out on the first push of the button . it has been very convenient in my shower and no more shampoo bottles all over the shower ! it also saves on my shampoo because the kids just push the button twice to dispense the amount they need instead of pouring shampoo out of the bottles and using more than they need
books pos 448.txt this is a nice compact hardback edition of dashiell hammett 's five novels , which he wrote between 1929 and 1934. a veteran of pinkerton detective agency in several cities , hammett turned his intimate familiarity with crooks , low-lives , and the seedier side of life into hard-boiled , hard-hitting detective stories . this was a time when urban corruption was the rule , and private detectives , journalists , and police officers shared information . two of these novels , & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; and & quot ; the glass key&quot ; are american classics . another , & quot ; the thin man&quot ; , inspired one of hollywood 's best-loved movie franchises . hammett 's novels lift the veil of propriety from the subcultures in which they take place , laying bare violence , corruption , and pervasive cynicism . but they 're not dreary . the sharp prose crackles , and the heroes stand apart from the corruption while swimming in it , steadfast in their own codes of conduct , their iconoclastic ideologies rooted securely in realism . these five novels all appeared as serials in magazines prior to being published as novels . & quot ; the thin man&quot ; appeared first in & quot ; redbook&quot ; , the others in & quot ; black mask&quot ; . & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; ( 1930 ) and & quot ; the glass key&quot ; ( 1931 ) are flawless . & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; features private detective sam spade , a irresistible femme fatale , and the ruthless pursuit of an ancient gold statuette . the last pages of the book are some of the most hard-hitting and cynical in all of noir fiction . and they 're brilliant . & quot ; the glass key&quot ; explores political corruption that leads to personal tragedy in an unnamed american city . oddly , the detective is the right-hand man of a crime boss . & quot ; red harvest&quot ; ( 1929 ) features the adventures of hammett 's most popular detective , the continental op , in a town called personville , or poisonville to those who know it better . the always unnamed detective for the continental detective agency finds himself responsible for cleaning up a mining town that is ruled by violence and mob warfare . the novel 's opening paragraph deserves to be read several times . & quot ; the thin man&quot ; ( 1934 ) is an attempt at humor among new york 's blue-blooded , cold-blooded upper crust . hard-boiled humor is interesting in concept . but i find the characters in this novel more pitiful than funny , and hammett 's style was in decline at this point . at least his characteristic cynicism wasn't . & quot ; the dain curse&quot ; ( 1929 ) is another continental op novel . this one is melodramatic , absurd , and not up to hammett 's usual standards . hammett fans should n't miss it , but others may find it pointless . i described the novels in order of descending quality . & quot ; complete novels&quot ; organizes them chronologically . five novels is a lot to pack into one book . but & quot ; complete novels&quot ; does n't resemble a door stop . it 's a handy size actually . the print is not too small , but the pages are quite thin . editor stanley marcus , a literary critic and frequent admirer of hammett 's work , has included a chronology of hammett 's life and several pages of notes on the novels in the back of the book . the chronology is informative and provides all of the apparently significant events in hammett 's life . the notes are mostly definitions of colloquialisms used in the novels , which are useful . the notes also contain an introduction to & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; , written by hammett in 1934 , in which he explains the origins of that novel 's characters . it 's quite interesting . for those who prefer to own these novels separately , vintage crime / black lizard hs published some handsome trade paperback editions . but if you want hardback and do n't mind all five novels in one volume , this is quite a nice book
camera neg 677.txt this camcorder worked well , but i had two complaints with it . 1. on the sound track you can hear noise from the recording head moving back and forth , sounds like a woodpecker . this alone made it unacceptable or what i wanted to do . 2. i wanted high quality video , but since it records on a small dvd disk , the video is compressed before it is recorded on the disk . this causes some loss of detail in the picture , especially if you 're going to edit it and rerecord the video which i need to do . if you just want a camera to record a small dvd which you can then play in a dvd player ( and not all dvd players will play the small dvds ) this camera might be acceptable . i returned it and bought a panasonic pv-gs35minidv camcorder which uses the minidv cassette tape . much better video quality because its not compressd , and no noise from the tape drive
dvd neg 332.txt i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's " performance " is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and / or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $$$
camera pos 518.txt very speedy delivery . a gift for my daughter . she loves it . i thought we were to receive a free photo card but did not . not really necessary . did not know that . still playing with it and having a blast . i do like that it is weather resistant
software neg 351.txt i have used the zonlabs firewall for several years . it works fine . i can not say the same for the security suite . the antispam function does not update definitions and zonelabs tech support know they have a problem . they are working on it but no date for a fix . do not buy this software until all the bugs are fixed .
books pos 906.txt i started with the second volume , the mammoth book of more historical whodunnits , and enjoyed it so much that i went out and got a copy of this one as well . i really liked the time-span of story settings , and the best part was the mystery that was written down over 2000 years ago ! great for people who like short story mysteries , and as a lead-in to authors you might like
camera neg 603.txt dsc series camera all have a ccd imager defect that will leave screen blank after you use the camera for 2 or 3 years . ( do a google search . you will find out what happened . ) sony knew this problem years ago . but refuse to fix it . they will wait until the camera fail and then charge you $300 to fix it . that 's what happens to my dsc-f717. ever wondering why dell , hp etc all recall sony battery for laptop , but sony did not recall their own laptop battery ? sony will never fix their own problem . we the customer have to pay for their mistake .
health pos 737.txt i just bought this iron and i could n't be happier . it 's the perfect size and weight . the plates are n't unmanageably large , or pitifully small.. . it heats up incredibly fast- - we 're talking in less than 60 seconds . i have short-ish , wavy and coarse hair - it 's straight and silky smooth within 5 minutes . hai is a brand used in many salons and it 's all for a reason - they make fantastic flat irons . if you bought this same iron at a salon , you could easily pay upwards of $150 in canada.. . so i consider this price an awesome deal
camera neg 809.txt i took it straight out of the package , plugged it in for a charge . charger never reached " green " ready but the battery overheated and melted several hours later . customer service was not the best i 've had . do n't make the same mistake , keep looking
music neg 528.txt is this the same kool keith that created dr. octagon , dr. dooom , and black elvis ? & quot ; spankmaster&quot ; represents a regression of creative energy . it sounds like keith decided he wanted to make a record one morning and whimsically threw together some tracks . it contains little of the genius of his earlier cds . with the exception of a couple songs ( & quot ; jewelry shine&quot ; and & quot ; blackula&quot ; ) , this album stinks
dvd neg 163.txt the ab portion of the dvd is good , although i fast forward through the warm ups and skip the cool downs altogether . the buns workout is not challenging enough except for the first set . the last one is a step-type exercise so if you do n't have something you can step up on , you ca n't do it . the dvd itself is not very professionally done . tamilee miscounts , does n't look at the correct camera when speaking to the audience and often fumbles her words . abs of steel maybe , buns of steel , no way
music neg 615.txt the best scene in the movie is the italian restaurant scene with janeane garofalo , using a wry randy quaid as her foil when she 's not ignoring him . it 's the only scene that made me laugh . the scene with the playboy dad having three women in his home , and the one preceding it when his girlfriend 's excessive dinner fails to impress the little kids , are both weak . playboy dad is not interesting , and that character really should n't have been one of the three musketeers of this movie . the other dad , reiser , is uncomfortable to watch . his dinner scene with his daughter is good in the sense that it shows how estranged a father can be with his teenage daughter , but that too is uncomfortable to watch . the later scene , up in the treehouse when his daughter suddenly loves him , is completely unbelievable . the fact is , that particular girl would not say those things to her dad . she does n't love him . she does n't need him at all . she 's done with him . the stupid bit about randy quaid being a talk show star after busting into rob reiner 's talk show is just dumb . that does n't happen . if you want to write a cartoon , get warner brothers to draw it for you . have the road runner in it , or bugs bunny . the film gives us comfort food at the end , with the trite and meaningless advice to love your kids . the fact is that your kids need love from their father when they are young , but once they hit a certain age , in double digits , you are done . daddy just becomes the source of cash from then on . kids in their teens and twenties do n't want or need anything but money from dad . fittingly , i saw this film on father 's day . to sum the whole movie up , janeane garofalo is funny , randy quaid is kind of comfortable to watch although the script gets a little stupid at the tail end , and the other two male leads are just mildly annoying . the script does n't say anything worthwhile about the subject it took on . but it takes a subject on , so at least that 's something . it gives exposure and food for thought on the subject of how a father fits into his family
books neg 13.txt i agree with the reviewer who said this work is boring . it seems roth is trying to glorify philip roth and not the characters . he goes on and on describing the overwhelming feelings zuckermann has for " the swede " , without letting us know who the swede really is . roth should let the characters tell the story or try to use less erudition in his narration . it gets to the point where the reader loses interest in finishing the book . i loved the plot against american because it was more character based than philosophizing about about the historical context of the times
music neg 992.txt if you are short on money , do not buy this c.d. you will regret it . however if you are trying to get rid of a gift voucher or something side one is really good , especially the dr. evil & quot ; just the two of us&quot ; . really this is not a good album , as side two is rubbish . i still have n't listened to it all the way throug
software pos 438.txt this is going to be a great program that will benefit our family in producing fantastic photos and films
camera pos 761.txt this took my d-200 to the final level...great investment...went 2to 3 days while on vacation while shooting 4 gigs a day of stuff...love this little guy...plus it allows for aa usage in a pinch..gotta love that. .
music neg 906.txt i deeply love the music of joni mitchell . it is for this reason that i feel the need to warn you , to dissuade you from being too early enthusiastic about this album aven before having heard it ( as i stupidly did ) . the fact is that so many people spend so much energy in praising it ( a new mature joni ! a return to the roots ! a brilliant acoustic album ! and nonsense like these.. . ) that it is very disappointing and frustrating to see ( well , hear ) that joni has not changed from her foolish and useless music of the last 15 years ( except " dog eat dog " which is superb , but only from a lyrical point of view - musically it 's an ' 80s disaster ) . it is the first joni mitchell album that i felt spleepy listening . ok , some lyrics are quite good , but nothing compares to the joni of the ' 60s and ' 70s . so , i really do not get the point : it is so obvious to me that she has nothing left to say ( how painful it is to face reality ! ) , so , why should all of you praise her ? just because of what she did in the past ? ok , let us say that she was the greatest singer-songwriter of her generation ( according to me , much better than bob dylan ) and let us praise her forever because of that ; but i truly cannot accept that we still flatter her in everything she does , even if what she does is boring and flat music pretending to be art . i would like to strongly dissuade you from buying this album ( and anything else from 1982 up to now - except , as i said , " dog eat dog " ) . if you are still trying to introduce yourself through the divine music of joni mitchell , try anything you want from the 60s and 70s . really , anything . try to be open-minded and let her music flow through your veins . you have to be prepared , for it could be beautifully dangerous : once you know her , you will never let her go away from your soul
health pos 823.txt una de las mejores compras que he hecho , es facil de manejar y deja el cabello liso y con brillo.. . es fantastica
books pos 473.txt this book has a lot of insights about various ways in which the ' pace of life and learning ' have since the scientific revolution accelerated . in other words it is a book which gives one much to think about . the problem is that it also suggests that given the vast increase of information available to us , the vast increase in ' possible alternatives ' for our attention , that we will probably have our minds moved away from the insights so rapidly as to not even absorb them . the obvious reply to such an intense barrage upon our consciousness , is to withdraw . and when we withdraw and close out all that is accelerating around us , we begin to try and make a pace and story of our own within ourselves . the faster we are forced to go , the slower we may need to go . i think a companion volume , or perhaps a contradictory volume should be written on all those human activities which might be aided by our ' going slower in them' . and along with this volume should be advice and recommendation of how to keep out of our life these seemingly endless intrusions which disrupt our living by our own rhythm . " run slowly , slowly horses of the night "
software pos 658.txt i have used mcafee antivirus for years and it is an excellent product . i bought the suite this time and found it will not allow you to run a different firewall ( zonealarm ) in my case . that is the only negative i have found so far . the mcafee firewall seems sufficient so far
health pos 540.txt i take two of this product before bed and it relaxes me and helps me sleep
music pos 197.txt this cd is truly a classic and one of my all-time favorites . love it
health neg 394.txt i bought two boxes of these luv diapers ( thats 448 diapers ! ) and i sure wish i had spent a little extra for pampers swaddlers . these diapers leak out the top because they do n't have any elastic on the tabs or anywhere on the waist . even the generic kroger diapers have elastic waistbands ! i am just sad that i have to use these crappy diapers for so long ! i also think they run small so i probably will not even use them all . what a waste ! the only good thing about these diapers is the price , but , i would highly recommend that you just buy your store brand instead if money is an issue . p.s. i do n't like huggies either because they leak out the legs ! hard to find a good diaper
books pos 707.txt love letters has a very simple concept : two people reading letters they wrote to each other on separate parts of the stage . they never look at each other . but within these letters is so much humor , love , and truth that the play will carry you away with delight . i read this play as i was browsing through a bookstore . i just wanted to read the first couple of pages since i 'd heard so much about it . after page three , i did n't want to put it down . now i 'm buying it for a friend . do n't think this play is a sappy collection of gushy girl talk or even romance-novel fodder . if you have ever been in love , you will recognize parts of yourself in this . it always stays true to its well-drawn characters , which is what makes the end so heartbreakingly wonderful
camera neg 376.txt this battery only gives me about an hour of playing time on my philips pet724 7 " portable dvd / divx player . after that it claims to have 75% charge left but ca n't even get the player to turn on and does n't charge it if it 's turned off
books pos 318.txt at first , i found this book to be difficult to digest because it appeared to be heading in a direction that was in sacrilegious conflict with my beliefs as a christian and a catechist in the catholic church . yet a part of me was also highly fascinated and captivated by the story , especially since i work as a mental health professional . as i keep reading , i discovered that it was n't sacrilegious at all but rather a story of general faith and hope , of the extent a mother would go through to protect her child , and of the intrusive nature of the media . i particularly liked the strength mariah showed during this conflict , despite her past history of nervous breakdown . and i like the way the character of ian evolved from a sleazy teleaetheist to a caring and more moral man . the secondary characters were all wonderful , in particular mariah 's mother and the lawyers on both side . i thought the trial was once of the most interesting parts of the story . as with all picoult books , this was a deep and heavy novel which was n't easily breezed through , but it was definitely a compelling and awesome book to read !
dvd pos 346.txt while this certainly is n't the best pearl jam concert ever it is n't the worst either . the first disc starts a little slow..but you ca n't argue with getting to hear song 's like " in my tree " and " faithfull " . highlights are : love boat captain...a nice opener . one of the best of riot act song 's for sure . in my tree , one of , if not my favorite pj songs . not quite as rocking as the 2000 tour performances but still great . gimme some truth . maybe not a technically perfect perfomance but heartfelt and passionate . good john lennon cover . even flow . always great . spin the black circle...the band starts to get more into the show after this rocking performance . thumbing my way...just a great slow song . breath . in my opinion the best performance of the show...just great . crown of thorns . i really like this version of the song...played well whether you think ed should sing it or not . baba o'reilly . the classic " who " song . a great performance . just try to sit still during this one . i would reccomend this dvd to anyone that is a pearl jam fan already but if you 're not then i would start with some of their studio albums first .
health pos 521.txt and now a word from david lynch , as spoken by dean stockwell as doctor yueh in dune : " the tooth . the tooooootttttttth . remember the tooth . " seriously , my daughter loves dora the explorer and my goals are to get her to brush her teeth for longer than two minutes . i bought this dora the explorer battery powered electric toothbrush , and she does . game . set . match . best money i ever spent on simultaneous child and parent satisfaction . when i tested this model on my finger , i was surprised at how powerful it was for a child-sized unit . this electric toothbrush decidedly will not rip her little gums off her skull , but the teeth definitely get a good scrubbing . battery life is okay , i estimate it costs about  a cent for her to brush her teeth each time . the future value of that expenditure is far lower than the dental bills i 'd otherwise have , so this is a money saving unit . if your child in a member of the dora cultus , this is one of the better items to own
camera neg 585.txt i have to say that i really wanted to like this camera . it takes good pictures and the ultra-wide lens is a nice feature . it is quite compact and has a nice screen . the software is reasonably good and has a nice presentation to the user interface . why 2 stars ? ok here 's the bad stuff : 1 ) in the first shipment i got , the normal mode ( non-ultra-wide angle ) did n't work . the images were garbled and almost unrecognizable . the ultra-wide images were fine . i attributed it to getting a random lemon and returned it for an even exchange . the second v570 i got from amazon worked fine until about 5 months later and then the normal mode crapped out on me . so , i do n't think it is just a random problem . there appears to be a reliability issue with the non-wide angle part of this camera since it seems statistically unlikely that i would randomly get two cameras with the exact same problem . my v570 is now a nice-looking paperweight and i use a casio exilim ex-z70. 2 ) the stand seemed nice at first until it came time to travel . you have to unhook the whole thing and lug it around with you if you want to charge your camera or download pictures and movies without a card reader dongle . also , since you have to charge the battery in the camera , you ca n't charge a spare battery while you are taking pictures with the other . for comparison , my new casio ex-z70 has a usb cable that is easy to stick in the pocket of my bag and has an external battery charger . so , if one battery is dead i can leave it behind in the charger while i take pictures with the spare . 3 ) the movies that you take with this camera are stored in mov format instead of avi or mpeg . while it does play in most pcs if you have installed quicktime , it is not supported by my streaming media player ( d-link dsm-320rd ) and is difficult to work with in the video editor / dvd creator sw i use ( sonic mydvd ) . i ca n't say how widely mov is supported compared to avi and mpeg , but that format created problems for me . so , i applaud kodak for not clinging to the sinking boat anchor of the photographic film business and going digital . but i think a few more usability studies and more attention to reliability would help make this a winner in future iterations
health pos 800.txt i had my original clic readers for about six years before i had to replace them . i love the quality of the lenses , the ease of use and the fact that i do not have to remember where i put them when i took them off . i never take them off and have even ordered several pair for other people at work . i am a carpenter and other than having to clean sawdust that accumulates on them once in a while , find them to be one of the most useful tools i own .
music neg 91.txt despite all the rave reviews i 'm wondering if this is a dreaded rerecord . maybe i 'm paranoid , but the country music industry is so sleazy . and some stars feel entitled to cash in . how else can you explain the john anderson anthology...horror . ( john , how could you ? ) or the bill anderson oh boy classic [oh boy here comes a rerecord ) . hey , the cd sounds great . but what makes me suspiscious is that there are no copyright dates anywhere on this cd except for one . also the cryptic message on the inside sleeve . could someone please clear this up . and not some rcr bud logan shill either . john conlee is one of my hero 's and this is really worrying me . i ca n't look at this cd with rose colered glasses anymore
dvd pos 739.txt this is a good introduction to many off the beaten paths of america . in fact , the real star of the show , asie from the ubiquitous red ford taurus , is the scenery of america itself . the camera and narrator takes the viewers to many places that have unique characteristics . unfortunately there is no interaction with the locals so we do not get a truely complete coverage of each scene , but the point of the series is to give a " reader 's digest " view of places people can visit . but excellent photography and the knack for finding out of the way events are the hallmark of this series . each " trip " is actually a roundabout path that is really serveral " family vacations " combined into a one hour program . this is a great cure for cabin fever in the midst of a winter snowstorm
books neg 29.txt despite early promise , marked by intriguing personal observations and evident self-reflection , this effort fails to deliver on the author 's experience and acumen . the book is a disparate set of chapters and lacks a unitary thread , apart from a bitter leavening of asides on the shortcomings of united states rhetoric and policies on africa . i had hoped for more , given the fine record in newsprint of this well-traveled journalist .
music pos 146.txt this guy is a freak of nature ! different but in the same vein as illinoise . i loved it..no fillers to speak of . if you liked some of the more laid back songs on illinoise ! , you 'll love this album . its great regardless . highlights are : avalanche adlai stevenson saul bellow the mistress witch from mcclure springfiel , or bobby got a shadfly caught in his hair no man 's land the perpetual self , or " what would saul alinsky do ? s
music pos 773.txt this 1989 debut album from this texas sleaze metal outfit is chocked full of great vocals from jason mcmaster , catchy guitar riffs , and generally a collection of feel good tunes about getting drunk and having a good time.it fits quite nicely in my cd collection in the " d " column next to the dirty looks cd.i thought " scared " was the best song on here along with the opener , " teasin pleasin " and " queen of the nile " but i liked all of them.the best way to describe dangerous toys is that it has a heavy guns n roses sound with a poppier edge to it.it 's too bad they never made a good album after this one and dangerous toys would never get to this level again.if you want late 80 's hard rock / metal without the spandex and the makeup , this debut album is highly recommended.nothing fancy , just good old fashioned rock and roll
health pos 247.txt i am very pleased with the light output . i purchased them to light the inside of my childs playhouse . they really iluminate the inside as bright as a standard light bulb . i purchased a couple of years ago an earlier type lanturn by rayovac and was really pleased with it also .
music neg 797.txt i remember really liking this album when it was first released , even though i could tell it was not in the same league as the real thing or angel dust . listening to the album now , i realise it is by far the worst fnm album since mike patton joined . the whole album feels very rushed , it has a sparse , raw sound , very different to angel dust 's polish . the music is generally very simple with many tracks sounding like b-sides and lacks the consistent melodiousness and sense of rhythm of their previous two classic albums . it was a shame to see guitarist jim martin depart . he had an unmistakable style and crunching guitar sound and was an integral part of fnm 's style and make up . however , being replaced ( for a short time anyway ) by trey spruance is no bad thing - anyone familiar with his work with mr bungle will know he is a genius with a guitar and his work here on king for a day is excellent , it 's just a shame that the material he has to work with is largely uninspired . how ironic then that on such a disappointing album , fnm produce one of their greatest ever tracks - the title track is pure genius , full of the care and effort , rhythm and melodiousness fnm were famous for . beginning with a great bass riff and acoustic strum , it is soon joined by a gentle female voice effect and simple minor piano scale and then brilliantly builds into a tour de force of percussion and guitar work before cleverly returning to the gentle acoustic sounds of the intro where it carefully takes 2 and a half minutes to wind down beautifully - this is fnm as you 'd expect them . another track that deserves special mention is cuckoo or caca , a great metal piece with excellent percussion and keyboards and crazy vocals . it 's scorching and funy and another reminder of the greatness fnm once held in abundance . it 's just a shame that these moments of inspiration are surrounded by so much surprising blandness ( caralho voador , take this bottle , the last to know ) and 2nd rate metal ( ugly in the morning , what a day , get out ) . star a.d. could have been vintage fnm but in the end falls flat , evidence starts off interestingly enough but soon gets boring and metal tracks like ricochet , the gentle art of making enemies and digging the grave are simple and sound like what most student bands are writing . however , the album does end on another note of vintage fnm - just a man is funny and catchy with patton having fun doing his tom jones impression and the inclusion of a gospel choir at the end is inspired - you find yourself not wanting it to end . patton 's vocals throughout the album are still amazing but should be accompanying much better material and you ca n't help but feel he was a little bored here - i think his heart always really lay with the far superior mr bungle , where he really shone and where his voice was absolutely perfect for the complex and avant garde material . i suppose it 's not surprising that king for a day is a largely empty affair , the departure of jim martin and the diminished presence of roddy bottum at rehearsals meant that fnm 's original chemistry and resources were sadly lacking and so were unable to achieve what they once had been able to . it 's really an album for faith no more fans , it 's certainly no classic despite some classic material and i feel it was the beginning of the end for fnm , they would improve with their next album , album of the year - but only marginally .
books neg 666.txt this book expounds endlessly on how best to limit the impact of people on the backcountry in the very best traditions of the sierra club . it 's more of a philosophy book than a & quot ; how to&quot ; book . if anyone wants to learn how to backpack and / or camp , he would be better advised to buy the several books by karen berger and chris townsend , in particular the backpackers handbook
health pos 420.txt if you own one of these shavers , then you need to replace with these every year . buy the best , buy these , and shaver will stay like new
books pos 680.txt while this book is not a comprehensive volume , it does cover the most common landscape plants in the virginia landscape . there is a strong emphasis on older varieties of plants and those that are best suited to the climate conditions of virginia . for a new resident of virginia who likes to do amatuer landscaping , this book is indispensible
camera pos 957.txt the new olympus stylus 770sw is the nicest camera to date i 've purchased . it takes great pictures and is extremely durable . the picture quality is awesome in all types of weather conditions and lighting . i stronly suggest to purchase this if the price is right
health pos 146.txt i love the tingler ! each metal tip feels great . i personally like the copper version a little better than the silver version . it 's a little gentler and softer but i know some people find it too soft and like the silver version instead . before the tingler , sometimes i would use one end of my glasses ( the end that fits over the ear ) but of course my glasses are fragil and i would risk damaging them . it also feels really good on the back and actually all over , not just on the head
music pos 368.txt i really think it 's simon 's best . this , and perhaps ( in a very different style ) " paul simon . " i 'm just listening to it again after several years...the melodies are intricate , the words are vivid and allusive , the range is astounding . graceland has a wonderful rock-style going on , but i really think this is my favorite . i know a lot of non-simon fans who love this one album . it 's just fantastic
books pos 357.txt malphurs does an excellent job of laying out the strategic planning process step by step and in great detail . i really appreciated the fact that he takes into account things like church patriarchs / matriarchs and other church dynamics that are often not addressed practically in ministry books . he almost makes the process seem easy , and maybe it is , if you are starting a new church or are in the very early stages of a church plant . however , much of the material seems practically impossible to implement in a " plateau'ed " or " downward spiraling " church that has been around for 100 years . the principles are easy and make sense if you have 100% support of the congregation . that 's pretty hard to do in most of the churches i 've been in that need strategic planning the most . that 's no fault of malphurs ; the book itself is a great book
books neg 814.txt ok i havent read it yet , and it will take some effort to do so . the pages are yellowed , they are cut uneven ( a first for me to witness ! ! ) i have ordered 3 books on chinese issues , and 2 have been scams . ok , there 's a lesson there somewhere - buyer beware , especially concerning chinese items ! ! ! their economic strategy revolves around / begins with cheap materials ! buyer beware
camera neg 377.txt the battery lasts for about 10 minutes even with a full charge . i made the mistake of buying two of them for my husband 's dvd player and they were useless . what a waste of my money
software pos 17.txt this new nancy drew game was fun to play ! it was shipped on time and arrived in good condition .
dvd neg 830.txt this is a nice item to add to a collection of d&d trinkets , but in no way is good . it is lacking in story and acting . a lot of the scenes were pleasant , but i was never " compelled " by the story . i would only recommend this to a hard core collector or a funny break from your current game. .
software pos 353.txt you will save a lot of time by using this ocr . top notch accuracy and very easy to use . a must for all those who need an ocr . do n't hesitate
software neg 705.txt i 'd give this no stars but it wo n't let me . why would anyone buy this ? i was in compusa today as they are closing down on long island & thought about buying this . i put it down & said i will researh this more at home . as i suspected , you can go to [...] & do the same thing that this software does . the software does n't allow you to print stamps at home so what 's the point ? the only plus is that you get a sheet of free stamps , so it 's like buying a [...] coupon , that 's a one time use . i do n't get it
software neg 599.txt after having used this product since version 4 , each version had its problems . the latest version 11 has improved document indexing and searching - a little bit - over version 10. it does not scan both sides of pages as it did in version 10. the " capture assistant " crashes the program . if you need support due to bugs in the program , you have to pay , and pay , and pay
music neg 782.txt some will mistake me for a evidence hater , but i 'm really not . i just want the man to put some effort into what he does . i 'm tired of taking just any ol ' thing artists throw at us nowadays because the " fans " do n't expect very much - - or simply do n't know what good is anymore . sure , you can relate to what evidence is saying , but you can put on a dope instrumental cd , sit with a friend or knowledgable hip hop head , have a discussion about any topic , and the resulting feeling will be something like the feeling you get from this album . i quickly get tired of the " slow flow " - - see : talking - - and i feel like anyone can do it . i do n't shell out money for things i can do myself . really , the only difference between him and 50 cent is content . when i hear someone say " slow flow " my mind translates that into " reduction of standards to make it easier for cats to get on " because this album would have been thrown out the window before the jiggy invasion came . and lot of these beats , though very dope , are as slow as his flow is . couple that with the fact that there are a lot of wack guest appearance from cats like joe scudda ( i 'm sorry , i tried to like him , but dude is simply terrible ) , big pooh ( same goes for him ) , and madchild and you have an album that can have a drowsying effect on the listener . the only dope guest shots come from phonte , planet asia , and slug . yeah , i know the fans and jock riders will hate and call names , but i 'm going to keep it honest - - fu** real . when ev actually puts his back into it , he creates some dope material . " down with new york city " is nice piece of work that has ev gettin ' busy over an air tight jake one track . " chase the clouds away " is another track where ev does his thing over a pounding alc production . the standout to me had to be " line of scrimmage " which features ev and atmosphere frontman , slug , getting nice over another dope alc creation . with the likes of alchemist , sid roams , jake one , dj khalil , babu , and evidence himself providing dope beats , i 'd have to say that the production is definitely the strong point of the lp . simply put , i do n't recommend playing this cd while operating heavy machinery . i respect ev and his whole crew ( hell , i love rakaa ) , but this album will make you nod off instead of nod to the beat . i can only call it the way i see it regardless of whether or not the artist is a favorite of mine or not . bring on the unhelpful votes if you want , but i can only recommend this to the die hard fans - - who should eat this one up . everyone else should download this and test it out first . standout tracks : letyourselfgo feat . alchemist & phonte , a moment in time feat . planet asia , line of scrimmage feat . slug ( my favorite ) , and down in new york cit
music neg 750.txt the versions of " black sabbath " and " war pigs " actually comprise half of black sabbath 's appearance on the april 26 , 1970 edition of john peel 's ' sunday show . ' " black sabbath " features a unique third verse that appears on no other officially released version of the song . " war pigs " is actually " walpurgis , " an earlier incarnation of the song featuring entirely different lyrics . incidentally , the other two songs from that broadcast , " fairies wear boots " and " behind the wall of sleep , " were released as bonus tracks on the supplemental disc issued with the first pressings of the original 1997 release . all four of these tracks , while fascinating , do n't rightfully belong on this collection , as this disc intends to highlight ozzy osbourne 's career as a solo artist . for that reason , the live version of " paranoid " that appears on this set is equally unnecessary . those songs are frustrating inclusions on an ozzy osbourne greatest hits album , particularly since they come at the apparent exclusion of some of ozzy 's biggest hits and / or notable tracks such as " flying high again , " " shot in the dark , " " i do n't know , " " breaking all the rules , " or " road to nowhere . " to add to the confusion , some of the solo-era material included here is n't exactly what it purports to be . ozzy has been the subject of a number of recent legal disputes over writing and performance royalties . these disputes ostensibly prompted ozzy to reissue his back catalog in 2002 with , in some cases , re-recorded tracks . the ' blizzard of ozz ' and ' diary of a madman ' albums now feature pointlessly re-recorded rhythm parts , presumably as a snub to the original rhythm section of lee kerslacke ( drums ) and bob daisley ( bass ) , who , incidentally , wrote the lyrics to almost every ozzy solo track from ' blizzard of ozz ' through ' no more tears . ' the ' bark at the moon ' album , while not re-recorded , was most certainly remixed . it is the re-recorded versions of the ' blizzard of ozz ' and ' diary of a madman ' tracks and the remixed version of the ' bark at the moon ' track that appear on the current edition of this collection . finally , the version of " no more tears " is actually the video edit , not the album version . in addition , due to one of the disputes mentioned above , ' the ultimate sin ' album was not selected for remastering in 2002 and has subsequently been dropped from ozzy 's catalog . that album 's biggest hit , " shot in the dark , " which appeared on the original 1997 release of this collection , has now been replaced with " miracle man " from ' no rest for the wicked . ' along these lines , the ' just say ozzy ' live ep and the double-disc live album , ' live and loud , ' both of which contain a live version of " shot in the dark , " have also been deleted from ozzy 's catalog . not even ' the essential ozzy osbourne , ' a double-disc collection covering ozzy 's entire solo career , features a single song from ' the ultimate sin . ' the ultimate sin , indeed . my recommendation is to avoid this collection ( and the 2002 remasters ) and instead search for the 1995 remasters or , better yet , search for the original albums on vinyl
books neg 581.txt written in cartoon format , i thought this book would be a lighter approach to a straight , dry , biography of scientists . however , it is written more like a series of political cartoons than cartoons for kids . the cartoons are barely understandable if the biography of the scientist is not already known , so using it as an initial reading is impossible . further , some content is offensive . on the second page of cartoons , a scientist is walking along a bridge , thinking , when someone mistakenly believes he is getting ready to jump , saying , " no woman is worth committing suicide over . " the pictures show a scantily-clad woman ( with bare bottom in one frame ) that he is now picturing in his mind . irrelevant and inappropriate ! plus , i did n't have to go far to find swear words in the captions . yikes ! my kids will never see this book ! it is not even appropriate for high-school age kids . ( in fact , it is n't even funny to adults !
camera neg 145.txt polarizing filters are used to eliminate glare on non-metallic surfaces like glass or water . they can also be used to increase the contrast and color saturation of your image . i use my polarizer not only to eliminate glare , but also to make skies a nice shade of blue or to get some " pop " out of clouds . there are so many options to consider when purchasing the polarizing filter for your needs . for instance , linear vs. circular , film or digital versions , or quality vs. price . if you are making use of a ttl or auto-focusing system , circular polarizers are designed to work with those features . linear polarizers has their uses , but they are manufactured differently and may not work . unless you are certain , just get a circular polarizing filter . there are some digital circular polarizers on the market . i am not sure what makes a cir-pl lens better for digital as opposed to film . i use a canon 20d digital slr and see no problems caused by using a supposed non-digital filter on a digital camera . most of the time , when it comes to filters ; you get what you pay for . does that mean you need an expensive polarizer ? of course not , just be sure to get the right filter for your needs . what ever polarizing filter you get , make sure it is color neutral to prevent unwanted tinting . spending more on a color balanced filter will save time in post . if you need multiple filter sizes , consider saving money by using step down rings . currently i use the hoya pro1 filters , as the canon polarizing filters i previously owned were without question bulkier and heavier . the weight might not seem like much , but when you stick all your items in a backpack all the extra bits of weight add up quickly . i can spend a good amount of time with my equipment on my back so this is a big concern for me . when it came down to the images , at times i would see a browning tint on my photos . the tint is easy to clean up in photoshop cs2 , but i do n't see that problem with the hoya pro1 filter . overall , i would recommend against the canon polarizing filters . i originally thought , " it is canon , it must be quality . " since then i have replaced all my canon filters . this filter works , but comes at a cost of disadvantages to other similarly priced filters . pros : can be used for film or digital cameras eliminates internal reflections and ghosting cons : bulky and heavy not neutral color balance
dvd neg 862.txt the strange and baffling career of cuba gooding takes another dive in this attempt to mirror the success of denzel 's training day . unfortunately , cuba 's not denzel and this movie is way below the quality of day . filled with enough foul language to fill the pacific ocean , the movie attempts to be artsy but is merely another bad cop movie , filled with bad cops- --where 's the good ones ? clifton collins jr. , so good in capote , is wasted in the role of the apparently honest partner of cuba who is going to testify in internal affairs regarding the killing of an innocent bystander during a drug bust . all though this cuba swaggers like a rap star and collins has to try and act tough with him . there 's an unusual twist in the end and a very long russian roulette sequence that do nothing to redeem this disappointing film
music pos 118.txt rem has had a helluva lot of hits , and has remained a radio staple and has been a big influence on later bands . this 18-track album does a good job for its length , but i really do feel a 2-cd hit package is warranted . the biggest omissions are " shiny happy people , " " it 's the end of the world as we know it , " and " this one goes out to the one i love . " it would n't surprise me if the band did n't really like these songs and would rather not include them in their greatest hits collection . however , there are a few other more minor hits i know from them that are missing , like " radio free europe . " i just ca n't think of other titles right now , but there are more than a few other omissions too . many of the minor hits that are included here , thankfully , are very good and will grow well on you : " the great beyond , " " bad day , " " all the way to reno , " " e-bow the letter , " and " imitation of life " are songs i have n't heard enough of and i 'm glad they are on this collection . still , i hear rem is coming out with another compilation and i imagine it will be more complete ; i suggest waiting for that album when it comes out
books pos 386.txt sigmund freud has done an amazing research in the field of dreams and their meanings , you will be amazed how every single detail in the dream has a meaning ( according to sigmund freud - not that i agree with him ) . and it is very impressive . personally i enjoyed this book very much
software neg 671.txt having used turbo tax since 1990 i feel that i am qualified to comment on it . i have also used quicken , quicken deluxe , quicken home & business , quickbooks pro 2003 & quickbooks premier contractors edition . the turbo tax product seems to get more user un-friendly each year . the navigation features do not allow as much mobility thru the program as they did in the late nineties and early 2000's . like i said i was using quickbooks pro 2003 until tax time last year . i purchased turbo tax home & business like i had for the past 4 years , and really got a shock when i found out that it would not import my data from quickbooks pro 2003. three year old software that was not compatible with turbo tax in 2006 ( actually 2005 tax year ) . i ended up purchasing quickbooks premier contractors edition 2006 ( $280+ ) in order to upgrade just to get my taxes done . intuit in my opinion is a perfect example of major corporate greed . i am done with them and will purchase taxcut this year
music neg 352.txt this cd is the worst " comedy " cd i have ever heard . yet the reviews on here mostly claim it was hilarious ? ? ? ? ok , i 've come to the conclusion , the only people writing positive reviews on amazon must be the people trying to sell the junk . i 've seen this guy on some tv shows , and on comedy central , and he 's a somewhat funny guy , but it is painful to listen to this cd . you can feel the awkwardness of the crowd , not knowing if or when to laugh . and it continues throughout the entire cd . there do n't seem to be any jokes on the cd at all . it is all disconnected negative rants from a bitter angry human being . do n't believe me ? then go ahead and waste your money on this horrible piece of junk , and see for yourself . like my review title says , do not read the positive reviews . just read the negative ones , and decide how credible they seem . then make your decision to buy or not buy
music neg 636.txt it just amazes me what a joke the music industry has become . nowadays anyone can become a singer take for instance : ashlee simpson , lindsay lohan , and now paris hilton ? lmao ! no seriously though , i 'm still totally not sure how paris hilton became so famous . yes , i know she 's the hilton hotel heiress , but i 'm not sure why the media gives her so much attention . all she did was live off her family fortune , but now thanks to that fortune , she was able to get the right contacts , to make her own record label called " heiress records " which is a sub-label of warner bros . after a reality show series , modeling career , a sex tape , and a couple of roles in a few movies , what did she think to herself ? i think i want to be a singer now ? apparently . and thats how this flaming pile of garbage came about . " stars are blind " is her first single off her debut album " paris " and let me tell you it 's nothing new or original . the song has kind of a ska beat , which i really do n't think much of . her voice sounds like when you inhale helium from a balloon , and the lyrics are mediocre . sorry paris , but you failed miserably as a musician . leave this profession for the people that really have the talent
health pos 671.txt i bought this model 7 years ago for over $100 and it is still running strong although i only use it to clip a small family dog . nevertheless , forget the cheap vibrating ' magnetic motor ' clippers - not enough power and the buzzing bothers the animal . this clipper uses a superior rotating motor that is more powerful and provides a consistent cutting action . in fact , with the right ( replaceable ) blade , you could use this to cut kids hair as well . it stays cool , unlike the magnetic motor design . use with oster kool lube and you will never have problems getting a clean cut . it uses blades by oster so there is a lot of versatility possible
music neg 461.txt in the classic and disturbing 1972 movie deliverance , lewis ( burt reynolds ) gives this ominous warning to ed ( jon voigt ) : " machines are going to fail . systems are going to fail . then.. . survival . " what , i wonder , will richard d . james ( a.k.a. aphex twin , a.k.a. afx ) do when the machines fail ? it 's been nearly five years since his underappreciated album drukqs , where we got a tantalizing possible answer to this question : the plaintive , lovely , satie-esque acoustic keyboard nocturnes intermingled among the abstract , frantic electronic soundscapes throughout its sprawling duration . [another intriguing solution was proposed on the album acoustica : alarm will sound performs aphex twin...] chosen lords , rdj 's first proper cd release since then , is actually a collection of various tracks from his " analord series " of overpriced , elaborately packaged 12-inch vinyl singles that he 's been cranking out over the last year or so . those who were put off by the excesses and overt eccentricity of drukqs may hail these cryptically titled , drum-machine laden compositions as a " return to greatness . " indeed , afx is certainly reviving a more compact , accessible ( for him ) , and straightforward style here , with comparatively regular ( though not quite danceable ) rhythms and those comforting underlying simple synthesizer melodies . i have to say , though , that there 's a disappointing and somewhat melancholy sense here of a great musical mind spinning its wheels . by returning to such familiar ground he seems to be setting up systems and letting them run their course in an almost cynical way , without any of the maniacal glee that was once part of his singular musical personality on unforgettable releases like come to daddy , windowlicker , the richard d . james album , and , yes - - drukqs . notably lacking are the voices that once regularly appeared in his productions - - true , they were usually rather unsettling , distorted , and manipulated voices , but at least they added some welcome humanity . also missing are those rare but beautiful moments of repose ( ballads ? ) such as " flim , " " nannou " and the striking piano interludes on drukqs . in the end , chosen lords , while an undeniably interesting and expertly produced collection of electronic music , is nonetheless a sterile , static , joyless affair . if it inspires any emotion at all , it will probably be pity and sadness as you listen to a possible musical genius coasting along without exploring any new directions for the first time in his otherwise remarkable career . yes , i 'm afraid the machines have failed richard d . james , and i sincerely hope he can survive in this cold and remote musical wilderness of his own creation. .
software neg 119.txt the description of this product on the amazon site does not match what i received . like another reviewer mentioned , the product was actually shipped from the uk so it took longer , and several features listed as being in the product are not there , specifically , exporting / saving of loops is not allowed , and there is no library of 1000+ loops included either . it seems to me to be basically like a demo version . also , even though it was advertised as being new in the box , all i got was what looks like a ( used ) cd with no manual or cd key - so much for upgrading later ! i am returning it . the sku should be removed from amazon or the description should be changed to fit what is actually being sent out
books pos 374.txt this book is a somewhat linear history of the past 13 , 000 years across the continents . diamond seeks to sum up history across various societies on all the continents in a relatively short volume . the impetus for this search starts with a question from a friend of his from new guinea named yali . yali 's question was , " why is it that you white people developed so much cargo and brought it to new guinea , but we black people had little cargo of our own ? " reading the book , i think i gulped at this point . this sounds like a classic , loaded question . it sounds disturbingly close to why have we ( europe and its former colonies ) succeeded where they have failed . diamond does not descend into that territory though , but he does not evade criticism for skirting it completely . there are references to a culture 's success in industrializing or condensing populations that diamond brushes off as a mixed blessing , for instance . the advantages of a hunting / gathering culture are not really explored outside of the remarkable sustaining nature of southeast asia . this history can probably be described ( or perhaps is most successful ) as based around environmental causation ( as opposed to the racial / ethnic / social causation that the lump in my throat had been fearing ) . descriptions of climate ( note : that the history begins with the cessation of the last great ice age ) , longitudinal or latitudinal axes , elevation and landmass differences play a strong role in determining the fate of humanity . still , it is interesting to look specifically at the items gathered in the title . guns . europe 's refinement of this technology was based on china 's innovations with gunpowder . today 's dominant society is a product as much of what it has swallowed and thus incorporated as by what it has innovated . as an interesting counterpoint , japan had owned more and better guns in c . 1600 ce , than any country in the world . samurai rulers first limited then outlawed the technology . japan would n't resume manufacture until mid 19th century . obviously , there is an indisputable importance in the weaponry 's influence in shaping the geopolitical world of today . germs . epidemics left people from cultures based on cities with who could resist smallpox and those dense populations more easily replaced those who did n't survive . smaller groups have a distinct disadvantage versus the interdependent and consequently more interchangable larger cities . epidemics develop out of these civilizations as germs jump over from domesticated animals ( and smaller groups may not even have animals to domesticate ) . interesting note : the emperors of the mayan and incan civilizations both succumb to disease ( likely smallpox ) rather than guns . steel . technological advancement is keyed on innovations brought about by dense populations and the possibility for abstraction of responsibilities . a hunter-gatherer culture lacks the abstraction necessary to divide responsibilities to allow for such developments as literacy and mining , as the energies that would fuel these are directed toward survival areas . diamond makes an interesting and controversial point that the hunter-gatherer culture may be more attuned to intelligence as an evolutionary necessity over civilized society , where the evolutionary energy may be directed at surviving these epidemic illnesses . there are many aspects of environment that serve as limiting conditions for the development of these things . first , there appears to need to be sustainable farming . many of the staples of modernity are the crops first domesticated in the fertile crescent region ( where today we invade , suck oil , and force the conquered to endure freedom ) . the western asian breadbasket provided the means to bank food so that trades could develop . as a complete side note , the genesis book of the bible can be viewed upon through this filter as it goes into great detail how joseph set up a system of storing and meting grain in egypt to greatly increase the population and avoid the calamity of drought and famine brought on by sustenance farming . another factor in the civilizing of eurasia is the landmass itself . compared to africa and the americas , eurasia is mainly west-east axis versus north-south . movement of successes in cultivation and domestication could more easily occur because climate differences are easier on a latitudinal basis than on longitudinal . something like corn ( maize ) which was domesticated in central americas took a very long time to make it to north america because of geography . llamas and guinea pigs ( which could be useful for pack animals and food ) never made it north . conversely , all those fertile crescent crops and bigger domesticated animals like cattle , horses , pigs were able to spread from one tip of asia to the opposite tip of europe . to answer yali 's question , some of the answer is luck . africa , australia and the americas may not have been afforded the botanical or zoological advantages that eurasia had . some other is environmental determinism , where you are helps make up who you become . for going forward , diamond cites transportation , communication and information advances as factors that likely will obliviate these historical forces in the future . after word : harpers magazine tackles an issue that was brought up , but not as fully developed here , that of pre-clovis native american discoveries ( pronouncements ) , knowingly confronting a loaded racial / ethnocentric question in a folio called " might white of you : are american archaeologists white supremacists ? " the archaeological records supports people living in the americas since about 9000-11000 bce . there are scant scraps of evidence prior to that date , but plenty of theories typically more titillating than substantive . one wonders if the pre-clovis discovery ( especially all the business about " caucusoid " skulls ) , is n't so much about archaeology as setting up an imagined genocide to justify a documented genocide .
health neg 700.txt i ordered the regular size , they were to big , the smaller size ? too small . neither one fit well but both did one thing well , hurt the area under my eyes . buyer beware
dvd neg 567.txt i suggest watching the original version : sword of doom - which is amazing . a lot less acid is involved , and less cliche . izo is a rent , at best
software neg 507.txt this software does not come close to the once-upon-a =-time quality of adobe products . it is shot full of bugs overall . not only does it cause your photoshop system to quit working , it affects your entire mac operating system . adobe knows this is true because they try to cover up with a several page discussion about how operating systems , not lightroom , can cause problems . their approach of blaming someone else is shameful . the design of the product is marginal ; almost impossible to read the dark grey print on black backgrounds . it is slower than anything i have ever seen . i could go on and on but it only raises my blood pressure . i have spent the entire weekend fixing the computer programs broken by this " half done " system. . if you buy it , you will waste a lot of time like i did . the software is going back to amazon tomorrow morning . amazon , shame on you for selling such a poor product .
music neg 540.txt as a contemporary of joan baez ( age-wise ) , i loved her early music and the power of her incredible voice . i even empathize with much of her politics , but unfortunately it 's time she rested on her laurels . her voice on this cd is quite far removed from what she was once capable of , and in fact i would have to say that there is no comparison between her vocal ability on bowery songs , and her earlier quality . like some professional athletes , she seems to not know when to quit.. .
dvd neg 710.txt pick any house on any street . pick any random two people ( man and woman ) , give them a script and let them go wild . i promise you could make this movie work better than the producers . nothing in this movie stood out and everything about it was boring . the acting and settings in this movie are just horrible . by the end you want everyone to die just to become interested . now , i do n't usually give bad ratings and i really like " b " horror films , but the lack of effort here is unbelievable . just nothing to interest me
music pos 364.txt as a fan of both celtic traditional and bluegrass music i was wary of a cd claiming to be a hybrid - too often it means an unsatisfactory compromise where original flavours become watered down and insipid . i need not have worried - tim o'brien has produced one of the most amazing and rewarding musical journeys i 've followed for some time . not only do the players from the two traditions blend instinctively and harmoniously but the tracks , mostly songs , are marvellous vehicles for new and exciting directions . there are superb performances all round , vocally from o'brien with guests paul brady , maura o'connell , kathhy mattea , del mccoury etc and musicians altan , frankie gavin , jerry douglas , earl scruggs , seamus egan and a host of others and the sound is fresh , acoustic and vital , requiring no production gimmicks or effects . standout songs for me personally are & quot ; mountaineer is always free&quot ; , & quot ; lost little children&quot ; , & quot ; wandering&quot ; and & quot ; john riley&quot ; although there is not a weak track on the cd . it is obvious that for tim o'brien this has been a labour of love . if you like acoustic music , from any tradition , either side of the atlantic , you 'll love it . several of my friends have bought it on my recommendation and agree it is brilliant
camera pos 269.txt after using both lenses i think this is much better . here are my reasons : 1 - f 2.8 makes the autofocus much faster and accurate . 2 - bokeh is much better in this one . 3 - macro is slightly better on this one . 4 - 105 mm does make a very little difference in image size . 5 - is is not very crucial in 24-50 range .
books pos 762.txt this book has some of the most unique ideas for spending quality time with your mate . it has all the dates organized into categories based on how much time you have , how much money you want to spend , etc. then at the end of each date there are questions and focus excerises to bridge a communication gap
books pos 731.txt i really enjoy all of mary engelbreit 's books and my little girls do , too . we like to look at them over and over again . this book is full of ideas from recipes , to summer crafts , to gardening , and to sewing so that you can make your home an interesting place to visit
health neg 34.txt the foil is a bit misleading , because if you are shaving parts of your body with many curves ( under the zipper ) the timmer will catch you and it hurts , a lot . the foil can only be used on straight surfaces . the two trimmer blases rest at about a 200degree angle . if you have to many curves to mow with the foil without hitting the trimmer... . well , be prepared to spend a night or two on the sofa
software neg 271.txt if you own a newer dvd camcorder that is manufactured by panasonic , hitachi , and others that records your movies in a .vro format you can not use this product . you will have to buy an additional program that will cost about $40 to convert the .vro format to a avi , wav , or mpeg format . if you own a camcorder that records in .vro do some research before you waste $80 on this program
software pos 213.txt this program is positively wonderful for word practice and pronunciation with a number of flash-card style game and a very elegant listen-record-replay interface . while the two characters do pronounce words slightly differently , hearing those variations really helps to understand the phonetics in a way that a single voice would lack . however , this really is more of a companion tool for a more traditional course . i purchased this with " colloquial icelandic " and would definitely recommend purchasing them together . there are some extremely strange spelling / pronunciation variations and without having a written explanation of these things , you may be left staring in great confusion as the characters read phrases on screen - - " hva " is pronounced " kwah ? " what ? having " colluquial icelandic " to turn to for explanation helped a great deal . that package has two audio cds of alphabet , number , vocabulary and conversation exercises with a very well-written 370 page coursebook . i gave this product a 5-star rating as it is superb for its intended purpose , but it does not stand alone as a complete course
music pos 461.txt i am listening to badfinger even as i type this review . this is the best of badfinger vol 2 , and i thought volume 1 was great ! ! as previous reviewers have said , what an absolute tragedy the story of badfinger is ( buy the book " without you " the tragic story of badfinger ) . well i have everything they have released , if you do buy any of the badfinger best ofs , you will more than likely get hooked and start collecting all of their albums.some of the best songs on this cd are off " wish you were here " their best album by a mile imho.in fact 6 of the 9 songs on wywh are on this compilation . they were such an original group with every member capable of writing an exhilirating hit song . just have a taste of " just a chance " , " you 're so fine " , " meanwhile back at the ranch / should i smoke " .they were just so good , damn i miss them
camera neg 986.txt i bought this camera 3 months ago and have used it a few times . last week all of a sudden the pictures look out of focus and over-exposed . i have n't changed anything or done anything . i have no idea what 's wrong with the camera , but given the price i 'm pretty annoyed and amazon.com will not refund my money because it has been over 30 days
books pos 162.txt so many books on the market about pregnancy focus on the medical aspect of what is growing in your wife 's little belly , and not how that little thing is changing your wife and life forever ! this book describes to a ' t ' how this life changing event reeks havoc on everyone involved in the process , and it does it in a way that is bust-a-gut funny . before i read this book , i was like " what the heck is wrong with my wife ? " after reading this book , i was more like " ohhh , i know why she just ripped my head off.. . she hates the smell of carrots ! " great book , fast and fun read , a must read for a new dad . i 've bought it for every father to be , and they in turn have done the same .
health neg 213.txt the shampoo works fine , but it has a very different smell that i was not expecting . it smells kind of woodsy / spicy
books pos 644.txt simply , clearly written , the book is a very practical guide for someone new to , but serious about , farming . concise , yet still comprehensive and fun to read . would have liked a section on draft animals , but schwenke 's disclaimer for not including it makes sense
health neg 466.txt i 'm not sure if i just received a defective pen or what happened . my general experience with cross pens has been very positive . this one , however , is awful . it does n't write smootly and leaves ink everywhere
camera pos 922.txt do n't believe the marketing kodak does . i was using only kodakfilms for nearly 5 years . i recently switched to fuji based on some online reviews...i was pleasantly surprised at the results . i highly recommend this film
health neg 709.txt i have used this product inside my bedroom during the last few months but i have not felt there was any improvement in the air . during the winter months , i generally get sore throat and an occasionally fever . this year , nothing has changed since using this product . this product is as good as the electric pest repellers .
dvd neg 963.txt with the new year just more than six hours away , i must tell you that no matter a full moon , half moon , quarter moon , or no moon at all , please avoid the flick " darkwolf " for many moons to come . what a joke . what a silly , stupid , insult to one 's intelligence . the script could have been written by my dog stan...and even then , i give him the benefit of the doubt to come up with something much more canine . let 's put it this way . have you ever seen a film that contained people that irritated you so much , you simply did n't give a ^ &^%* if they got blown away ? i was hoping the entire cast got mulched by mr. wolf less that 30 minutes into this loser . go " darkwolf " . take a few chucks out of this cast , its director , producer , writer and editors as quickly as possible...and do n't wait until the next full moon . " darkwolf " is an insult to motion pictures . more so , it is an insult to such credible werewolf classics as " the wolf man " , " wolfen " and " the howling " , not to mention the tongue-in-cheek horror classic " an american werewolf in london " . need i say more ? " darkwolf " has no bite . it 's claws and fangs have been chiselled to oblivion . the box claims this flick to be " half man . half wolf . pure evil . " in reality it is half / whole stupid . half / whole worthless . ...and...pure ^% &* ! get my drift ? at midnight...as we turn another page and the new year unfolds...i promise you you will enjoy reruns of every episode of " mary hartman , mary hartman " , much more than " darkwolf " . i 'm off to watch yet another new year 's flick before dawn . i need to make amends to lon chaney , jr. before midnight . bottom line , it was a film you did n't really care " where " the " wolf " came from , or where the werewolf was going . pitiful...embarrassing.. . " i 've seen the bad moon rising " but this one makes me wish it would set !
health neg 362.txt this pillow offers no back support when nursing a baby . i bought a brest friend instead . you can attach that pillow to you and focus on helping your baby nurse instead of supporting your babies entire body . pass up the boppy
dvd neg 412.txt the first was one of the best thrillers ever , with clever suspence , good characters , decent acting and awesome effects . this one is.. . meh . why must you make a sequel to a huge success hit and turn the franchise into a straight-to-video series ? what 's the bloody point ? now there are some good parts . the rooms are pretty nice and the musice score is decent , but you know , that does n't even save it . this movie is a annoying , pointless and downright piece of crap that only kids can easily love . it is so un-intelligent it really makes you wanna puke . the characters are nothing but cardboard cut-outs . i do n't even know them well . all they do is scream , run around in the cube rooms and cannot keep their mouths shut . i also really hate the effects in this one as well . they felt like they were over-used . there is even a scene where a guy gets cut into peices and look how badly done it was . the direction is ok , but when it comes to adding wierdness , it 's too much . i do n't understand the story , there 's a strange sex-scene which a cube movie does not need . cube is about suspence . this one is just about adding too much effects , a four-dimensional cube and trying to make itself look better than the first one . you do n't need that stuff . if you wanted to make a sequel better than the first , add something original , do n't take itself too seriously and make sure it stays true to the original . but no , you just had to add all this unoiriginal time crap and have alot of special effects taking over and even a sex scene which is not cool because if it 's a cube movie , you do n't need nudity . overall , if you wanna kill off some time by watching this crap , go ahead . i know you like watching people getting killed in unoriginal ways and watching sex scenes . if you 're a fan of cube , dont ' bother . acting : 3 / 10 ugh , do n't get me started . these actors have bad acting skills and i hope they die . gore factor : 4 / 10 cgi gore ? ! come on ! ? t&a : 1 / 10 a cube movie does n't need nudity and they do n't know that because they do n't know cube . direction : 7 / 10 andrzej sekula did have some visual eye in some parts . i did enjoy a few scenes and i dug the rooms , but you know , i ca n't say he 's a great director . he turned the franchise with straight-to-video written all over it . bottom line : if you wanna watch , go ahead , then you 'll be sorry . this movie is just sad . it does n't try anything to impress you because it 's idiotic . lets hope andrzej sekula learned his lesson and should never do a sequel to an impressive indipendent film again
software pos 757.txt i bought bhg deluxe 7.0 software to plan an addition . i talked to the companies and shopped around before purchasing . i did not talk to imsi about floor plan 3d , i gave up after trying to get through to a human . i would bet a guess the software is as good as imsi 's telephone skills . i talked to punch software and was warned away from their product by their own tech as i have integrated video on my computer . apparently you need a video card with a minimum of video memory to render drawings with any usable speed using punch software . punch software 's loss , not mine as that 's a ridiculous issue for a consumer software product . chief architect offered a money back guarantee for their better homes and gardens products , even if purchased via vendors like amazon . i 'll keep this better homes and gardens home designer deluxe software , even though it does have it 's annoying quirks . even for a lesser package from the pro version , the library of items it very limited . i would guess there are quite a few more in the pro version , but it is odd to not include more of the most standard items that many home owners would need when laying out a home . you learn to just use a nearly matched symbol to fill the space , even though it is not the correct symbol or size of item . since i am not interested in the 3d view , this is not a big issue for me . the item i needed most was floorplanning . 3d modeling is an extra item that i may play with , but is not essential for me personally . if you are truly interested in the 3d aspect , this is an issue . i would recommend visiting the product forum to see what is the best choice . [...] for quick and easy floor plan software with a few extras , this software does better than ok . no experience necessary , and the short tutorial videos will get you started quickly . i have issues with not being able to have more control of wall types , and there are some odd roof design limitations even for a mid to low priced consumer package . these are annoying enough to urge an upgrade to pro if you want more control of all aspects . since i will be laying out the floor plan , then turning it over to an architect with real softare , it 's not a problem for me . i have had a few restarts due to drawings getting all wild and messed up , but by ignoring the autosaved drawings , i was able to go back to my last manually saved drawing and start from a known good point . this software does have upgrade options to download from the company site . just like any good software company , they do provide spftware patches to download . i would definately recommend this software as a quick way to do floor plans . adding walls , doors , windows , and other items is very simple . just do n't plan on perfection , as it 's based on prefabbed walls and is limited to whole inches , not fractions . angles are an issue as well . if you need specific angles , this is not the package , it does preset increments only . i wish it had default preferences a user could select as well . being able to preset your roofing style preferences or other items would eliminate quite a bit of redo's . i hope the software companies read these reviews . there is alot of good information on how to improve the products .
dvd pos 266.txt a b / w film classic . excellent story and performances from all the stars , perhaps the acting style is a little dated . a very god qulaity transfer to dvd except for one scene that is a little grainy . i will watch this film again and again
dvd pos 893.txt this dvd has a lot of good info and practical tips for improving starts , turns , and finishes for competitive swimmers . i swim for the masters ( adult ) program , and am not tremendously competitive , but have learned so much . i actually swam in a meet and did passably well , thanks to some of the ideas i learned from this video . well worth it
camera pos 464.txt i always say that there is technology you can use and technology you can impress others with . this model helps you do both . you have a nice 5.1 mp still camera and mpegmovie4tv video . the very fact that you have a camera which you can take both still pictures and video is huge . i never had a video camera before because i hate to carry two camera and a big camera case , so this was the obvious solution . i realize that instead of embracing the moment ( for which they need the memory ) most people often juggle between cameras . cons : * sometimes people might confuse it with camera phone * buttons are harder to find * software is not the best * wish had more zoom pros : * convince * compact * battery lasts long * flash is good * video sound quality is good i wonder why this model has not swept the market - another story of good product and mad marketing
books neg 486.txt in the commencement mr. utterson and his cousin mr. richard enfield were walking throughout london . the men go by a mysterious cellar door , and then mr. enfield talked about a story that ensue here previously . also later in the book utterson work to help dr. jekyll from being brung into the ghastly tribulations of mr. hydes . one year later , edward hyde viciously murders sir danvers carew by thrashing him to death with a cane . i did not like this book because it was a high level booklover so i could not concentrate . i 'd propose this book for high scholar for that reason , and if you 're a person who reads allot . the genre was good because it was sci-fi and it seems sci-fi is a little more addicting . the author is a pretty well known writer his name is robert louis stevenson .
books neg 145.txt ` ` people say again and again that philosophy does n't really progress ,  that we arestill occupied with the same philosophical problems as were thegreeks.but the people who say this don't  understand why ishas to be so. it is becauseour language has remained the same and keeps seducing us into asking the same questions. as longas there continues to be a verb ' to be'  that looks as if it functions in the same way as ' to eat ' and ' to drink ' , as long as we stillhavethe adjectives ' identical ' , ' true ' , ' false ' ,  ' possible ' , as long as we continueto talk of a river of time , of an expanseof space , etc. , etc. , people will keepstumbling over the samepuzzling difficulties and find themselves staring atsomethingwhich no explanation seems capable of clearing up.and what's more , this satisfies a longing for the transcendent , because , insofar as peoplethinkthey can see ` the limits of human understanding ' ,  theybelieve of course thatthey can see beyond these . ` ` ' ' philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of ourintelligence by means of language ` ` ` ` ambition is the death of thought'''  these three quotes are from ludwig wittgenstein who redefined philosophysome70 years ago ( but most people have yet to find this out ) .dennett , though he has been a philosopher for some40 years , is one them. it is also curious that both he and his prime antagonist , john searle , studied under famous wittgensteinians ( searle with john austin , dennett with gilbert ryle ) but searle got the point and dennett did not . dennett is a hard determinist ( though he trys to sneak reality in the back door ) , and perhaps this is due to ryle , whose famous book ' the concept of mind ' ( 1949 ) continues to be reprinted . that book did a great job of exorcising the ghost but it left the machine . dennett enjoys making the mistakes wittgenstein , ryle ( andmany others since ) have exposed in detail . byaccident , just before this book , i had read ' 'the minds i' ' , which dennett coauthored withdouglas hofstadter in 1981. they made some bad mistakes ( see my review ) , and saddest of all , they reprinted twofamous articles that pointed the wayout of the mess- --nagel's  ` what is like to be a bat ? ` and an early version of john searle's  chinese room argument explaining why computers do n't think. nagel pointed out that we do noteven know how to recognize whata concept of a bat 's mind would be like. searle similarly explained how we lack a way to conceptualize thinking and how itdiffersfrom what a computer does ( eg , it can translate chinese without understanding it ) . likewise , we lack a clear test for recognizing what countsas good vs bad- -or just intelligible- - for many philosophical and scientific concepts. our use of the words consciousness , choice , freedom , intention , particle ,  thinking ,  determines , wave , cause , happened , event ( and so on endlessly )  are rarely a source of confusion but as soon as we leave normal life and enter philosophy ( and anydiscussion detached from the environment in which language evolved )  chaos reigns. wittgenstein was the first to understand why and to point out how to avoid this . unfortunately , he died inhis prime , his works are composed almost entirely of a series of examples of how the mind ( language ) worksand he never wroteany popular books , so understanding of his work is restricted to a very few . searle is one of the world 's leadingphilosophers and has written manyextremely clear and highly regarded articles and books , some of which have pointed out the glaring defects in dennett's work.his review ` ` consciousness explained away' ' of dennetts 1991 book ` ' consciousness explained''  and his book ''the mystery of consciousness' ' are very well known , and show , in a way that isamazingly clear for philosophical writing , why neither dennett ( nor any of the hundreds of philosophersandscientists who have written on this topic ) havecome closetoexplaining the hard problem- -ie , how do you conceptualizeconsciousness.many suspect we will never be able to conceptualizeany of the reallyimportant things , but it isclear that we are nowhere near it now. dennett has mostly ignored his critics but has favored searle with vituperative personal attacks.searle has been accused by dennett and others of being out to destroy cognitive psychology which is quite funny as modern philosophy is ( mostly ) a branch of cognitive psychology and searle has made it very clear for 30 years that we are a good example of a biological machine that is conscious , thinks , etc , . he just points out that we do n't have any idea how this happens . searle characterizes as ' 'intellectualpathology' ' , the views ofdennett andall those who denythe existence of thevery phenomena they setout to explain. dennett repeats his mistakes here andleaves his reply to his critics to the penultimate page of the book , where we are told that they areall mistaken and it is a waste of spaceto show how !  unsurprisingly , there isnot one reference towittgenstein or searle in theentire book.there arehowever , many references to other old schoolphilosophers who are as confusedas he is. like most people , it does not cross his mindthatthe very inference engineshe thinks with are forcinghim to cometo certainconclusions and that these will oftenbe quite unconnectedwith or wrong about the way things are in the world . they are a jumble of evolutionary curiositieswhich do various tasks in organizing behavior that were useful for survivalhundreds of thousands of years ago.wittgenstein was a pioneerin doingthought experiments in cognitive psychologyand beganto elucidate the nature of these engines and the subtletiesof language in the 30 's , and thus he made the sorts of commentsthat this review begins with. dennett says ( p98 ) that his view is compatibilism , ie , that free will ( whichi hopewe can equate with choice ) is compatible with determinism ( ie , that ''there is at any instant exactly one physically possible future'' --p25 ) . he wants to show that determinism is not the same as inevitablity. however , the whole book is smoke and mirrors by means of which choice , in the sense we normally understand it , disappears and we are left with ` ` choice ` ` , which is something we cannot choose. naturally , this echoes the fate of consiousness in his earlier book ` ` consciousness explained ` ` . it is remarkable that , at a time when we are just beginning to reach the point where we might be able to understand the basics of how a single neuron works ( or how an atom works for that matter ) , that anyone should think they can make the leap to understanding the whole brain and to explain its most complex phenomena. please recall the last sentence of wittgenstein from the opening quote : ' ' and what's more , this satisfies a longing for thetranscendent , because , insofar aspeoplethinkthey can see ` the limits of human understanding ' , theybelieve of course thatthey can see beyond these . ` ` the relation between language ,  thought and reality is extraordinarily complex and everyone gets lost. if one is very , very careful , some understanding is possible , but dennett throws caution to the winds and we are dragged into the quicksand. there are at least 3 different topics here ( evolution of our brain , choice and morality ) and dennett tries vainly to weld them together into a coherent account of how freedom evolves from the deterministic crashing of atoms. there is , however , no compelling reason to accept that bouncing atoms ( or his favorite example , the game of life running on a computer ) are isomorphic with reality. he knows that quantum indeterminacy ( or the uncertainty principle ) is a major obstacle to determinism however defined ( and has been taken by many as an escape to freedom ) but dismisses it due to the fact that such events are too rare to bother with. by extension ,  its unlikely that any such event will happen now or even in our whole lifetime in our brain , so we appear to be stuck with a determined brain ( whatever that may be ) . however , the universe is a big place and its been around a long time ( perhaps forever ) and if even one such quantum effect occurs it would seem to throw the whole universe into an indeterminate state. the notion ' 'there is at any instant exactly one physically possible future' ' cannot be true if at any instant a quantum indeterminacy can occur- -in this case there would seem to be infinitely many possible futures. this recalls one of the escapes from the contradictions of physics- -each instant our universe is branching into infinitely many universes . he correctly rejects the idea that quantum indeterminacy gives us the answer to how we can have choice . this obvious idea has been suggested by many but the problem is that nobody has any idea how to specify an exact sequence of steps which starts with the equations of physics and ends up with the phenomena of consciousness ( or any other emergent phenomenon ) . if so , they will definitely win at least one nobel prize , for not only will they have explained consciousness , they will have explained the universal phenomenon of emergence ( how higher order properties emerge from lower ones ) . so , they would have to solve the ' easy ' problem ( to determine the exact state of the brain corresponding to some mental state and preferably specify the exact position of all the atoms in the brain over time-ignoring uncertainty ) and the ' hard ' one ( what exactly correlates with or produces consciousness or choice etc ? ) . and while they are at it how about also doing the impossible- -an exact and full solution to the quantum field equations for a brain . it is very well known that these equations are uncomputable , even for one atom or a vacuum , as it would require an infinite amount of computer time . but infinite will do for one atom so maybe a brain will take no longer . he starts off on the first page appealing to the laws of physics for protection against fantastic notions such as immaterial souls , but physics is made of notions just as fantastic ( uncertainty ,  entanglement , wave / particle duality , schrodinger 's dead / alivecat etc ) and as feynmann said many times ` ` nobody understandsphysics ! ' ' many think nobody ever will . on pg 2 he says our values have little to do with the goals of our cells and on pg 2 to3 that our personality differences are due to how our ' 'robotic teams are put togther , over a lifetime of growth and experience . ` `  this is a bald dismissal of human nature , of the abundant evidence that our differences are to a large extent programmed into our genes and fixed in early childhood , and is typical of his constant confused wandering back and forth between determinism and environmentalism . on page 9 he notes that free will is a problem and our attitudes to it make a difference , but for whom ?  nobody but philosophers. we make choices. what 's the problem ?  one has to step outside life to experience a problem and then everything becomes a problem. what are consciousness ,  pain ,  yellow , intention , matter , quarks , gravity etc. ?  i doubt that anyone has ever experienced a fundamental change in their interactions with people or their decision making processes due to their thinking about choice. this shows that there is something strange about such questions. wittgenstein would probably say that the language games are different. there are games for language connected with the cognitive templates for decisions or seeing colors etc , and thinking philosophically is operating them in decoupled mode. decoupled modes permit thinking about the past , planning for the future ,  guessing the mental states of others , etc , but if one takes the results in the wrong way and starts to think ` ' john will try to steal my wallet' ' , rather than just imagining that john might do it , confusion enters and those who cannot turn off the decoupled mode or distinguish it from coupled mode , enter the realm of pathology. some aspects of schizophrenia and other mental illness might be seen this way- -they lose control of which mode they are in , eg , notbeing able to see the difference between the motives people have and the motives they might have . one can then see much of the philosophizing people do as operating in these decoupled modes but failing to be able to keep in front of them the differences from the normal mode. normal mode- -eg , what is that lion doing- - was undoubtedly the first one evolved and decoupled modes- -what did that lion do last time or what does he intend to do next- -evolved later. this was probably never a problem for animals- -any animal that spent too much time worrying about what might happen would not be very successful contributing to the gene pool. it is interesting to speculate that only when humans developed culture and began degeneratinggenetically , could large numbers of people survive with genes that led them to spend alot of time in decoupled modes. hence , we have philosophy and this book , which is mostly about running the decision templates in decoupled mode where there are no real consequencesexcept earning royalties for putting the results in a book for other people to use to run their engines in decoupled mode . ' let us alter wittgenstein 's quote to read : ' 'as longas there continues to be a verb ' to decide'  that looks as if it functions in the same way as ' to eat ' and ' to drink ' , as long as we continueto talk of freedom of action , of saying i wish i had done otherwise , etc. , etc. , people will keepstumbling over the samepuzzling difficulties andfind themselves staring atsomethingwhich no explanation seems capable of clearing up. ' ' as withmost philosophy books , nearly every page ,  often every paragraph , changes from one type of language game to another without noticing that now one would have to be joking or dreaming or acting in a play or reciting a story , etc , and not actually intending anything nor describing an actual situation in the world. on page 10 he says we count on free will for the whole way of thinking about our lives , like we count on food and water , but who ever , outside philosophy , standing in front of lunch counter full of food , ever thinks how fine it is that they have free will so they can pick coke instead of mineral water ?  even if i want to be a serious compatibilist and try thinking this in decoupled mode , i have to exit and enter nondecoupled mode to make the actual choice. only then can i go back to decoupled mode to wonder what might have happened if i had not had the ability to make a real choice. wittgenstein noted how pretend games are parasitic on real ones ( this is not a trivial observation ! ) . the ability to engage in very complex decoupled scenarios is already evident in 4 year old children. so i would say that normally , nobody counts on having choice ,  but rather we just choose. on the same page he shows again that he does not grasp cognitive basics. he says we learn to conduct our lives in the conceptual atmosphere of choice ,  and that ` ' it appears to be a stable and ahistorical construct , as eternal and unchanging as arithmetic , but it is not . ' ' and on page 13- - ''it is an evolved creation of human activity and beliefs'' . the whole thrust of cognitive psychology is that we do not learn the basics of planning , deciding , promising ,  resenting ,  etc , but that these are built-in functions of the inference engines that work automatically and unconsciously and start running in very early childhood. there is no evidence that they change as we grow , or are in any way subject to our beliefs , only that they mature just as our body does. on pg 14 he suggests its probable that our having free will depends on our believing we have it ! do we believe we see an apple , feel a pain , are happy ?  the language game of belief is very different from that of knowing. we can believe we have a dollar in our pocket but if we take it out and look at it we ca n't meaningfully then say that we still believe it ( except as a joke etc. ) . the inference engine can run in decoupled ( belief )  mode so we can imagine havingchoices or making them , but in life we just make them and it is only in very odd situations we can say that we believe we made a choice. but dennett is saying thisis the universal case. if making a choice had any dependence on belief than so would everything everything else- -consciousness ,  seeing , thinking , etc. if we take this seriously ( and he says ' the serious problems of free will ' ) then we are getting into trouble and if we actually try to apply it to life , then madness is minutes away . . on page 65 et seq . , he discusses causation , intention and the ` informal predicates ' that we use to describe atoms etc , but cognitive resarch has shown that we describe all objects with a limited number of ontological categories which we analyse with our intuitive physics modules and that when agents ( ie animals or people or things like them- -ie , ghosts or gods ) are involved we use our concepts ( engines ) for agency , intuitive psychology , social minds , etc to decide how to behave. there is almost certainly no causation module but rather it will involve all of these and other inference engines , depending on the precise situation . discussing possibility and necessity is much easier if one talks in terms of the output of our modules for intuitive physics ,  agency , ontological categories etc. of course there is no mention here of wittgenstein 's many incisive comments on causation , intention , deciding , nor of searle 's now classic works on intention and social reality . he spends much time on ainslie 's book ' breakdown of will ' , in which is discussed the hyperbolic discounting faculties ( ie , inference engines ) by which we evaluate probable outcomes . hemakes much of the excellent work of robert frank on altruism , emotion and economics , but the book he cites was 15 years old when this book was published . it was bingham 's idea , amplified by frank and by boyd and richardson ( 1992 ) that cooperation was greatly stimulated by the evolution of means for punishing cheaters. he suggests these as examples of darwinian approaches that areobligatory and promising. indeed they are , and in fact they are standard parts of economic , evolutionary and cognitive theory , but unfortunately ,  he makes little reference to the other work in these fields . all that work tends to show that people do not choose but their brains choose for them . he does not establish any convincing connection between this work and the general problem of choice. onpg 216 he says that making oneself so that one could not have done otherwise is a key innovation in the evolutionary ascent to free will , and that we can only be free if we learn how to render ourselves insensitive to opportunities . but where this ability resides is not revealed for several chapters !  dennett has a penchant for hiding his ideas in a massive amount of rather irrelevant text. again , he gets things backwards , as there is a vast body of very good evidence from biology and psychology that we are get the feelings that we should behave in some way from our inference engines and these are not provided by some part of our conscious self , but by the automatic and unconscious operation of the engines. as he notes , hundreds of experiments with the prisoner 's dilemma and related protocols have shown how easy it is to manipulate people 's choices and that their calculations are not conscious and deliberate at all. when the situation is manipulated to make them conscious , they are much slower and less reliable . so , there has been constant pressure of natural selection to make the engines fast and automatic and inacessible to deliberate thought . dennett says ` we make ourselves ' so that we could not do otherwise and that this is the basis of morality and choice. the evidence would seem to be exactly the opposite. our inference engines give us basic moral intuitions and we generally act in accord with the results. if we or others do not we feel guilt , outrage , resentment etc ,  then cheater genes will invade the population and this is one of the main theories as to how a good part of morality evolved.our genes make us so we ca n't ( mostly ) do otherwise , not our will or whatever dennett thinks can do it . we can often choose to do otherwise but our own intuitions and the knowledge of social disapproval usually serve to limit our choices. these intuitions evolved in small groups between 50 , 000 and some millions of years ago. in the modern world the intuitions are often not to our advantage and the social controls weak. this is a prime reasonfor the chaos in the world . on pg 225 he finally sneaks in a definition of free will as ' 'a complicated snarl of mechanistic causes that look likedecision making ( from certain angles ) ' ' . he claims that thisplays all the valuable roles of free will but lacks some ( unspecified )  properties possessed by traditional free will. the smoke is thick but i am pretty sure one of those unspecified properties is what we understand aschoice. he insists ( top pg 226 ) that his naturalistic account of decision making leaves plenty of room for moral responsibility , but making ourselves so we could n't do otherwise does not seem to describe the way we actually function ,  nor does it seem to leave any room for morality , as that would seem to consist precisely in being able to do otherwise . he does not propose any test for deciding if a choice is voluntary or forced and i doubt he could do so. normally if someone asks us to move our hand , we know what counts as having a choice ,  but , typical of philosophers ,  i expect that regardless of whether it moves or not he will count both as evidence for his position . at this point he also starts his discussion of libet 's well known work on conscious attention which is the only part of the book that i felt was worth my time . on page 253 et seq . , he sneaks in his definition of conscious will- -the ' 'brains user illusion of itself'' ' which has as one of its main roles providing ' 'me with the means of interfacing with myself at other times ` ` . and ` ` illusory or not , conscious will is the persons guide to his or her own moral responsibility for action . ` `  he says the trick we need is to see that ` ` i ` '  control what is happening inside the ' 'simplification barrier'' ... ' 'where decision making happens'' . ` ` mental events' ' become conscious by ' 'entering into memory'' . ' 'the process of self description... is what we are'' . the crucial thing is that choice is possible because the self is distributed over space ( the brain ) and time ( memories ) . he realizes this is going to leave many incredulous ( everyone who can follow this and really understands ! ) . ' 'i know that many people find it hard to graspthis idea or take it seriously. it seems to them to be a trickwith mirrors ,  some kind of verbal slight of hand that whisksconsciousness , and the real self , out of the picture just when it was about to be introduced . ''  many will say he took the words out of their mouth , but i would say it 's incoherent and thateverythingwe know about consciousness and the whole universe ( making the obvious extensions of such claims ) was gone long beforewegot this far. on pg 259 he says that culture has made us rational animals ! this is a stunning denial of human nature ( ie , genetics and evolution ) coming from the person who wrote ' darwin 's dangerous idea' ' ! presumably he is talking about his idea that it is memories spread over space ( the brain and other people ) and time that give us choices and morals and consciousness ( line 6 from bottom ) . he says consciousness is a user-interface but it is never made clear who or where the user is and how it interfaces with the brain ( you will have to suffer through ' consciousness explained to find that there is no answer there either ) . though he makes many references to evolutionary and cognitive psychology , he seldom uses any of the terminology that has been current for decades ( social mind , intuitive psychology , coalitional intuitions etc ) and clearly is not familiar with most of the concepts . if he means that we got the fine details of morality from culture , thats ok , but this is the icing on the cake and the cake was baked by the genes . we are also told here that r&d ( by which he means evolution here , but other things elsewhere ) has given us the self and that language creates new kind of consciousness and morality . i am sure that he will get little agreement on this . it seems quite clear that consciousness and the basics of morality evolved in primates ( and earlier ) long before spoken language ( though it is a very deep topic as to how language evolved from extant capacities in the brain ) . he continues ` ` morality memes arose by accident some tens of thousands of years ago ` ` which would be ok if he meant the icing on the cake but he clearly means the cake ! and then he says the point of morality is not the survival of our genes , which is an amazing ( and totally incorrect ) thing to say , even if he was only referring to memes . on pg 260 he claims that because we do not comprehend our ' 'bland dispositions to cooperate' ' ,  they mean nothing to us , but it is the operation of our templates that is everything to us. there is ample evidence that if one of them is damaged a person cannot function properly as a social being ( eg , autism ) . i would say it is the operation of the templates for intuitive psychology etc which lead dennett to the counterintuitive views that we do not have consciousness and choice in the way we think . he also says here that it was one of the major evolutionary transitions when we were able to change our views and reflect on reasons for them . this again reflects his lack of understanding of evolutionary psychology . i know of no evidence that the basic moral intuitions , like all the templates , are accessible to consciousness . we may decide our cheating was justifiable , or forgive someone else 's cheating , but we still know it was cheating ( ie , we cannot change the engine ) . i suspect my ancestors a million years ago had the same feelings in the same situation but what has happened is that there are lots of other things that may be taken as relevant and that sometimes these will lead me to act contrary to my feelings . another issue is that as culture developed , one had to make many important or ' moral type ` decisions for which the engines were not evolved to give a clear answer . on pg 267 he says that we now replace our ` free floating rationales ' ( probably corresponding to what cognitive psychologists call our templates or inference engines ) with reflection and mutual persuasion . and on pg 286 he says that it is a child 's upbringing - -demanding and giving reasons- - that affects moral reasoning . again , he just has no grasp of what has happened in the last 30 years of research- -the templates do not change with reflection or upbringing . we are then told again that consciousness makes moral issues available over time to the self , which takes responsibility . it is not any more coherent or credible with repetition . on pg 289 he has a chapter summary which repeats the mistaken notions that it is culture that makes it possible to reflect and that choice depends on education ( memory ) and sharing . it 's clear that it is not culture but the inherited cognitive structures that make it possible to reflect and to choose and that culture determines the acceptable actions and their rewards or punishments . on pg 303 he discusses the classic philosophical barrier between ' ought'and ' is ' , unaware that our templates solved that problem long ago- -ie , they tell us how to feel about situations regarding other people . he also seems to be unaware that there are hundreds of cultural universals implanted in our genes ( eg see ' the blank slate ' ) . he often starts into what looks like its going to be a good discussion of some issue in evolutionary psychology , but invariably wanders off into philosophical arcana and winds up with more confusion . this happens on pg 261 where he states that concepts like ' praiseworthy ' were shaped over millennia by culture , while most would say the basis for such concepts is in the genes and each culture only detetermines the details of acceptable reactions to the intuitions its members get from their innate mechanisms . on pg 262 he tries to explain how an ess ( evolutionarily stable strategy ) can produce morality . his idea here is that genetic ` r&d ` produces dim understandings of morals and then culture ( memetics ) produces variations and clarifications . i would say that we all know , and much research has made clear , that we commonly get very clear results from our inference engines and only dimly understand in special cases . culture merely decides what we can do about our feelings . the last part of the book is mostly concerned with moral culpability. he refers to the legal classic by hart and honore , which i started reading 30 years ago since it 's authors were deeply influenced by wittgenstein. dennett tells us that we have control over our own morality and that thinking about morality will improve us. but , there seems no justification whatever for this view in this book . there is nothing at all here to help anyone escape from the dictates of the monkey mind. it is a defensible point of view that those who manage this do so by traveling a spiritual path that has no connection with philosophy - and there is not a hint of spirituality in this entire book- -another telling point considering that many mystics have fascinating things to say about the functioning of the mind. i find more wisdom about how to be free and moral in any of osho 's 200 books than anywhere in philosophy . one rarely finds spiritually and morally advanced people teaching at universities. there is no sign here , nor in anything he has done , that dennett is morally superior. after 40 years of thinking about morality he launches personal attacks on his critics or arrogantly dismisses them . it seems clear that , like all of us , he is trapped in the limits of his inference engines . so , how much opportunity is there to improve our morality ?  it seems clear ( eg , see pinker 's ` the blank slate ` ) that most of our behaviour is genetic and the rest due to unknown factors in our environment , in spite of the vigorous efforts of parents and religions and political parties . on average , maybe 5% of the variation in moral behavior ( variations are the only thing we can study ) is due to our own efforts. the moral choices that matter most today are those affecting the fate of the world. but our moral templates were not evolved to deal with overpopulation and the greenhouse effect . how remarkable it would be if just one of the hundreds of millions of educated people in the world managed to figure out what consiousness or choice or any mental phenomenon really is . and if one did , we would expect them to be a scientist at the cutting edge of research using some exotic fmri equipment and the latest parallel processing neural networked fuzzy logic computer etc. but a philosopher or physicist just sitting there thinking , coming up with the solution to the greatest puzzle there is ! and then writing a whole book about it without checking with the sceptics first . to return to the quote at the beginning- - 'ambition is the death of thought' . indeed- -though clearly wittgenstein was thinking of interesting thoughts
dvd neg 1.txt i expected so much more from this movie , i guess since the cast included two of my favorite actors ( jolie & washington ) and also had the always on point queen latifah as well . i watched with full expectation to absolutely love this movie , but i walked away bitter with shattered expectations . first off i will say that latifah was wonderful here and she proved as the only reason i smiled on occasion during this movie experience . washington and jolie on the other hand were so unbelievable ( especially washington who really strained in this role ) that i was constantly asking myself " do i really like these two ? " and i had to remind myself of movies like ' gia ' and ' training day ' to answer with a resounding " yes ! " the film follows a rookie cop ( jolie ) as she helps a quadriplegic ex-cop lincoln ( washington ) track down a serial killer mimicking the killings detailed in a book called ' the bone collector' . the ending is really annoying since the revelation of the killer , while not who you 'd pinpoint , is not of any significance and so it manages to stir up absolutely no emotion whatsoever . it 's like " oh so he / she did it...interesting " ...and i 'm bored . i 'd skip this one for it becomes generic within the first five minutes and stays that way until the credits finish rolling
software neg 298.txt after years of e-filing fees being included with the purchase price , it would have been more forthcoming for turbotax to put a large sticker on the front of their box alerting buyers to the price that they will pay for e-filing each return . i lost the value of my entire state return - and then some - through e-filing fees : $44.95 ( plus tax ) for the program , $16.95 ( plus tax ) for each return e-filed ( i filed two ) and a little bonus fee to the company that handles the [credit card] transaction ( that fee is never quoted in the program and i will have to wait for my credit card statement to find out what that is ) . in addition , anyone who chooses to have the fees deducted from his / her refund has to pay an additional $30. the product does what it says . but , for the cost , and less-than-honest way in which the change occured ( it almost seemed deceitful - hence the single star rating ) , i would have preferred to have given my money to my friendly neighborhood accountant . people expect change , even if they do n't like it . but , suprises that cost customers money are never welcome and drive customers away . surely the marketing / advertising gurus can think of a way to alert the customer of a significant change such as this and even put a " positive " spin on it . " filing fees only $16.95 [per return] - less than the cost of a tax professional . . . " no more turbotax for me
software neg 113.txt i do n't have a problem with the software . it pretty much does what we need but reversing an error can be a nightmare . before i start this tirade , i should point out that the customer service reps were very nice . but they do n't have the infrastructure to provide the most basic level of service ( please , read on ) . the customer support system for the payroll upgrade on this product is really scary . ( 1 ) they want to have access to your checking account to pay for the annual payroll subscription ! ! ( 2 ) they do not send receipts ! ! i help with the books for a small non-profit and paid for the payroll subscription on my own credit card . the only receipt i could get was a copy of the invoice , which is not formatted to print correctly on an hp1200 ( duh ! ! ) . what is really disturbing is that these people are supposed to be accounting experts ! if you acquiesce to the checking account withdrawal , the only receipt you receive is the line item on your bank statement . have they every heard of a " paper trail " . well you sure wo n't get one if you purchase the payroll subscription for this product . i will start looking for an alternative to intuit because they obviously do n't understand some basic accounting and auditing principles .
music neg 510.txt is it really necessary to take minute-long solos in every song ? really ? if you like your solos long-winded and lacking in destination , and your lyrics trite ( get a job ? ? ? ) , check these guys out . if you actually plan on listening to the music you buy , skip it
health pos 139.txt i was skeptical about buying this at first , but after seeing it in allure , and reading the various reviews on amazon , i decided to try it . i have to say , i was pleasantly surprised ; it does what it says . it wo n't work on cyctic acne or if the pimple has already come to a head . it does work on pimples that are just beginning. . those hard , tender knots deep under your skin you just know are going to be huge in a day or two . i 've used it on two pimples that were red bumps , and both were mostly gone within 24 hours . completely gone in less than 3 days . usually it would have taken 7-10 days for them to go away , and it would have been ugly
music pos 240.txt the title gets it right - this is a very fun album . there are a lot of great songs on here . infectious lyrics and music - it still surprises me that matthew sweet is n't more popular than he is . one other thing...it 's a sin that " we 're the same " was n't a bigger hit than it was . truly a great song
health pos 989.txt this is the longest period of time that my husband has kept a pair of reading glasses . the click readers loop around his neck and are always there when he needs them . he gets lots of comments about how neat they are
books pos 702.txt abby cooper has become my favorite amateur pi . the premise of this series , a young woman private detective who has strong psychic abilities which she uses to solve cases , is original and fun to read . abby is a psychic , but she also has the same trials and tribulations of a normal young woman , money , sibling and romance issues . in this latest book , abby , her sister cat , and abby 's handyman dave , buy and plan to renovate a house , only the house turns out to be haunted ! poor dave , abbey 's partner and handyman , is attacked by his own chainsaw as he begins the renovation ! determined to find out what 's going on , abby begins investigating the history of the home and discovers a missing treasure with ties to wwii nazi germany . in order to solve the mystery , abby depends on her spirit guides to help her on the case . there is danger for abby and her friends from an unknown stalker and the romance between abby and dutch becomes more intense as they each must sacrifice some of their independence to become a real couple . ms. laurie has a great series going here , and i look forward to reading more abby mysteries .
camera neg 193.txt the frame and the pictures it displays are fine . sometimes it is a little hard to get it to download photos from my pc . my major complaint is the power supply . the original power supply dies after 4 months . it was repalced under warranty ( after some grief with customer service ) . the raplacement died some months later after the warranty had expired . i then had to buy one . that one died after a few months and the company did n't have the replacement in stock . after months of waiting from them to stock the item i gave up and after lots of searching on the web i found a supply made by another compay . i had to change the connector to make it match the connector on the frame . it 's been doing fine since then . i should note that my daughter has the same frame and has had almost identical problems . it looks like there are a lot more of these types of frames on the market now . i would do a lot of shopping before buying this one
dvd pos 202.txt this dvd does not claim to contain a debate about the origins of christianity ; it discusses an alternate viewpoint ( as dan brown reminds us " the winners write the history books " ) this dvd is a nice antidote to all the oppressive ideas we have been raised with ; esp . the idea of god as male , and the idea of women being unworthy of church leadership . this dvd includes interviews with dan burstein , henry lincoln , martin lunn , lynn picknett , clive prince , dr. karen ralls , dr. james robinson , and margaret starbird . i particularly liked margaret starbird 's interviews - she describes how when she first read " holy blood , holy grail " , she found it blasphemous because she had been raised a loyal catholic . but afterward , she had religious experiences regarding the content of that book which lead her to research mary magdalene and write " the woman with the alabaster jar " . she comes across as very rational , sensible and even heroic . it takes courage to contradict the dearly held beliefs of the majority . i thought dan burstein also made some very good points with his discussions about the lives and customs of jewish people during the time jesus lived . i think this dvd is an important reminder that just because you have been taught something all your life - that does n't mean it is necessarily the truth . to be truly alive is to continue to search for the truth as long as you live
music pos 10.txt i did n't think it was possible for the delays to top their debut release - but they have . while " faded seaside glamour " is more immediately catchy and refined , " you see colours " comes at you in a much more intense manner . the songs are more mature , the musicianship is top-notch and the recording sparkles with fat bottom-end and soaring harmonies . the high points for me are valentine and winters memory of summer , but there 's honestly not a bad track on this release . the delays put it all together - great songwriting , strong musicianship and excellent production in a genre-bending mix that has something for everybody . it 's a shame these guys do n't get more recognition here in the states . buy it
books neg 67.txt it was just that dry and boring i never really connected with any of the characters , i gave up reading about 3 / 4ths of the way through
books neg 935.txt a 600+ pages tour of flash mx buttons and menus.. . with just a couple ridiculously elementary " tutorials " thrown in . makes me think of somone who had to write a flash book and has never done anything with it but figure out how the user interface works . you wo n't find anything useful in here , that is about creating something with flash . as for me i am never gonna buy a book from this author again , and i am probably also ditching the whole " savvy " line as well .
health pos 306.txt like the razor - i have problems with ingrown hairs on my neck and this shaver has helped to alleviate the problem - the nivea lotion is very soothing . i have had to live with the fact that the shave on my neck is not the closest in the world but c'eat la vie . i have taken to running a couple of passses dry to get a fairly close shave and then starting to apply the lotion as i continue . if you start with the lotion you wo n't get a close shave . i do wonder if one could n't simply buy a shaver ad apply some lotion at the end for the same affect
camera pos 595.txt isiklandirmanin iyi olmadigi yerlerde netlik sorunu oluyor . birde floresan isik altinda beyaz dengesi tam tutmuyor . diger ozellikleri gayet guzel . bellek kartina cekim yapabiliyor olmasi cok guzel
music pos 212.txt even if you do n't know much about donny hathaway , this collection of songs is a fun mix and it 's very moving . it includes some classics with roberta flack that are terrific . i enjoy it tremendously
music pos 737.txt sometimes i like to look up and see what i can find on some of my favorite bands from the 70 's and starz being one of them . i was lucky enough to see the band play a few times around 77 and 78. another band that took time for their fans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i read through the many reviews of posted here on amazon and not sure if there is much that i can add , also great to see that there were so many out there that enjoyed the band and their music . i would recommend reading about each of the starz cd 's and listening to the sound files if available and deciding for yourself....... . i remember i liked this cd so much and the logo as well , i even hand - made a stencil and made my own starz shirt , i think i used some of that gold " glue on glitter " in a tube and had one of the first starz shirts , before the band even had any if i remember right . lots of good songs on this cd , pull the plug being one of my favorites both on the lp / cd and live . all good rock songs from a band that deserved a lot more........ . i could go on trying to describe the music......... . too bad there are no sound files for this cd...... . so you may just have to order it and take a chance . the remaining members have played a few shows during the past year or so and guitar player richie ranno continues to be active in the music business , you may even want to go over to starzcentral to get updated and see what richie and the band are up to . singer michael lee smith also had a brother that had his own band and later ventured into hollywood...... . but this is about starz ! ! ! ...so... . i highly recommend checking out the cd 's and starzcentral . not to be confused with the movie channel or another band from europe that is using the name recently
music pos 27.txt this outstanding effort by prince consists of mostly spare jazzy r&b tunes , driven by incredibly loose , free-flowing live instrumentation . i could only begin to tell you about the stylistic variety on this album . with the three disc format there is a lot to absorb , and the third disc really can largely be done without , but the first two truly do rank amongst his best work . it should also be noted how especially romantic prince is on this album . this album was made around the time that he entered into his first marriage , and it shows because this c.d. is overflowing with outstanding romantic ballads . most of his albums only contain one or two ballads , so if you 've been longing for an album that includes more , then this album should really appeal to you . this c.d. does not fit into the " standard " prince " mold " ( i know that it is perhaps a bit oxymoronic to speak of a " prince mold " but his personal signature is not quite as bold on this album as it is on many of his other works , even those that are admittedly not as good ) . the reason for this is that prince follows rather than leads on a good portion of this album . the fact that there are two covers on the first disc alone shows that prince was in the mood to do what was being done instead of doing something new ( he covers songs by bonnie raitt and the stylistics ) which is unsual for this constant innovator , but this album is so great because he is so skillful that he does it better than almost anyone else . one minor problem that i notice is that it seems that on a few songs particularly on the first disc , prince just does n't pay much attention to the lyrics . there are too many generic r&b come-ons and cheesy cliche 90 's catch phrases such as " gettin ' your groove on ' , and prince is much too clever , witty , and creative to resort to such things . but , really that is just a minor quibble because the music truly is consistently outstanding throughout the first two discs . and then , he has songs such as " soul sanctuary " and " let 's have a baby " which are two of the most well-written ballads that i 've heard from him . " in this bed i scream " is just magnificent both lyrically and musically . he takes the lead again on this track and he does it in a major way . this clever , poetic , and romantic track has an infectiously catchy both rhythm and melody that would easily pack any dance floor . other highly impressive moments include the high powered funk of " we gets up " , the absolutely brilliant and stunning arrangement on " curious child " , and the sincere , pure passion of the just so perfect r&b / gospel blend of " savior " . " joint 2 joint " is impressive just for having so much variety in terms of sounds and elements , with each part so effectively enhancing a different part of the story . the first two discs are really solid overall . the third disc however finds prince trying his hand at techno and other forms of conventional dance / club music , and the results are not very impressive . but , i do n't see how they could be , even coming from prince . techno for the most part is insanely repetitive , monotonous , and downright drone-like . there are only three songs on disc three that were really worth it ( slave , my computer , and the title track ) . well , maybe four , his cover of " la la ( means i love you ) " is actually really good too . those songs could have been put on the first two discs and the 3rd disc really could have been omitted . the most impressive feat that he manages to accomplish on this entire album is making a great chorus and a great song out of the line " www ' dot ' emale ` dot ' com " on " emale " : - ) . i was unaware of this feat for a while because i used to always skip this song because it started off with that really annoying 90 's g-funk whistle . so overall , this album really does rank amongst prince 's best work , and it should especially appeal to those who would like to see him do more ballads and dive into more r&b
books neg 680.txt while it may have been well written , this book is disturbing and disgusting to put it mildly . if you or anyone you know are pregnant , or contemplating or trying to have children , do not read this book ! this is one book i can honestly say in retrospect , i would rather have failed the test on than ever have read
dvd neg 747.txt this might be the perfect flick for a fourteen year-old who aspires to be a mass murderer . there is little to recommend it apart from the technical perfection of some of the cinematography and the staging of the scenes of mass destruction of people and property . even these scenes have none of the balletic grace of tarantino 's " kill bill " films , his salute to the genre , or " reservoir dogs , " which has a mystery at its core and some fine acting and dialogue that temper the violence . " bullet ... " is little more than two hours of broken glass , fire , blood squirts , amputation , beatings and explosions . this makes gladiator look like a sunday school picnic . the characters are totally flat , one-dimensional . there is virtually no plot aside from excuses generated to wreak havoc . the acting is weak , static , despite the fact that i do n't understand a word of cantonese . we are presented with a series of stereotypes ( the hooker with a heart of gold , the good friend , the crazy friend and the bad friend ) . unfortunately the american stereotype of the viet cong as madmen - - and saigon as hopelessly corrupt - - is reiterated here to the detriment of any understanding of viet nam during the american occupation . the worst thing is that - - because they are so shallow and undeveloped - - you do n't care what happens to the characters . so i 'll tell you and then you wo n't have to finish watching the film : they kill each other . my advice- - skip it
books neg 146.txt the paper version is a real touchstone for the practice of all manner of applied mathematics . the cd-rom version belongs in the discount bin . here is why : 1 ) the cd-rom is edition 5 ; but edition 6 has been out for 4 years . 2 ) the dynatext software , which is needed to read / browse / search the book , is showing signs of age . it works fine on the computers of a decade ago but not necessarily on the machines of today . see the review of j.f.groote . the product is advertised as working on macs but will not work on most macs . specifically , it does not seem to work on either g4 or g5 hardware with os x , even under the so-called " classic " mode . i believe that the problem is that the browser is shipped as an executable that requires a specific architecture . it is usable under windows , but you might need to use one of the backwards-compatibility options to run the installer . it will not apparently run under any form of linux , the most recent ( and rapidly becoming the most popular ) transmogrification of unix . again , dynatext is put on the cd-rom as a binary executable ; if you are not using sunos 4 or 5 , solaris or sgi irix 5.2 then you can not use this product
camera neg 802.txt i received this as a gift and at first i thought it was great , but then i realized it would only display 142 images . i worked with technical support for several months ( they are not the speediest or most helpful ) . i resized , renamed , restructured the photos , tried them on different media and finally they admitted it was a bug . i rma 'd the unit at my shipping expense of course , only to recieve another with the same problem . i would n't recommend this purchase
music pos 499.txt i absolutely loved the string music on track 3. i remembered it from an old pc rpg called quest for glory iv . i was disappointed to find out that track 4 was only a minute and a half long , because i grew up loving that song from the various places i heard it ( fantasia and a kid detective pc game from the late 80 's ) . overall , though , grieg 's greatest hits is a must-have for collectors of classical music . grieg is revered as norway 's greatest composer of all time and he certainly has a knack for creating imagery of bustling fjords and majestic mountainsides with interlaced river ravines .
health pos 890.txt nearly two years of ownership and it has been a great purchase . i have no shame dorking up my drinking . use to ensure legal driving or for ill advised contests . also determine what at what bac memory gets spotty ( what point is there exceeding that ? ) . fun to call out big talkers who do n't suspect you are packing a lie detector of sorts . also useful to get people off your back who think you are too drunk to drive . pros precision to third decimal place . rare at this price at time of my purchase very repeatable with consistant deep breath small enough to take to bars in jacket pocket or cargo pockets . light for its size . cons innaccurate if sips have been taken within 10 minutes or so . true for all breathalyzers . drunk idiots have tough time getting it through their heads warm up / calibration time ~45 sec . another let down at parties but perhaps key to accuracy would be nice if it was more pocket sized chirps at you alarm clock style if above .08 " i know i 'm drunk , shut up !
health pos 426.txt smells divine ! this is a powder-sweet and refreshing scent that wo n't overwhelm the senses . it 's soft and subtle , yet killer if it complements your body chemistry . i love using this particular fragrance ( especially during special occasions ) . it exudes both simplicity and sophistication- -wonderful qualities that make me feel so feminine and utterly sexy ! ! ! try it
books neg 963.txt a little outdated , quite a few beers here are n't made anymore . beer reviews are always personal opinion , and you 'll read a bunch of people complain in these reviews that this guy does n't know what hes talking about . i 'd ignore what they say , everybody has their own preference . think about this before you buy this book : 1 ) why do you need to hear what somebody else things of beers ? 2 ) its very out dated.. . 5 years is a long time
books neg 407.txt just to make the plot work . not very realistic . if you want a realist cop character , try michael connelly 's harry bosch .
music pos 200.txt every listen i get more into this cd . many catchy songs . i now need to buy more of donald 's solo stuff . great music
health pos 308.txt forget the liquids and throw away lens tissues . this cloth works exceptionally well on my camera lenses . i highly recommend it , and am buying a couple more , for my car glove compartment for sunglasses and my computer screen .
health neg 311.txt unfortunately , my experience was completely different . starting with the unprofessional shipping . shaver and components were shipped in a box stuffed with old newspapers instead of professional packing material . shaver and trimmer are almost exactly lifesize in the screenshot on this page ! ! i felt mislead by the pictures . another person said how impressive the shaver is . i had the exact opposite experience . i picked it up and i was more than underwhelmed . the shaver is about the size of a saltshaker and the battery accounts for the weight , not the motor . not to be mean , but the shaver reminds me of something i might pickup in a 99 cents store . the other day i found a far better shaver from remington for about $8 in my local raley 's store . of course , to find out about this seiko shaver first hand you 'll need to open the shrink wrap which then in turns makes it almost moot to return the item , because donner charges a 35% sanitary disposal fee if you open the item . on top of that the shipping charges are also non-refundable . on the other hand , if i return the $8 grocery store shaver to the store , i 'd get a full refund , if i 'm not happy with the product . ok , so how well does it shave ? not bad , but also not any better than the $8 shaver from my grocery store . the blade component seems extremely flimsy ( essentially 3 tiny blades stuck to a piece of plastic ) and if you do decide to use this shaver , you 'll be ordering replacement blades in no time . all in all , i was not happy with my purchase in the least . $60 spent on something that should be around $10
software pos 581.txt very easy to use , lots of clips and templates . loading glitch wo n't let disc 3 load , have to use program with disc 3 in the cd tray . otherwise very happy with the program
software neg 123.txt 3d home architect is a complete crock . i have attempted to use it many times . after hours of reading and playing with it i am still unable to perform the most simple task . i own v1.3 of this software and it outperforms the current version by light years . i also spent lots of time trading emails with broderbund in an attempt to obtain either additional product support or a refund and i got nothing . so henceforth they will not see another dime of my hard earned $. sorry
music neg 977.txt listening to this c.d. first gave me a headache , then it made my stomache churn . it is so uninspired , it 's not even funny ( or listenable ) . yeah , it 's loud , but i can be loud , too , if i had some pots and pans and a " guitar . " do n't get this , it 's nothing but d-r-i-v-e-l
software neg 379.txt i have been a faithful mia fan for 5 years and have bought all the other games for my two kids . this game is a big disappointment . the language game is virtually unplayable in french . i am fluent in french and went to a french language university for nine years . i could barely understand what the characters were saying . if this program is intended to teach kids a second language , it would be more likely to turn them off the language instead . this game definitely does not cater to anyone who does not already have an understanding of french
music neg 519.txt as if metalcore wasnt a chainsaw to your head enough , its absolutely ridiculous when metalcore bands mix emo with there already inoriginal sound . this band sounds like a even more flaccid killswitch engage , a hawthorne heights / silverstein with downtuned guitars . as if it wasnt an abomination already , they even sing about vampires . yes , thats right , vampires . and you couldnt get any g*yer .
camera neg 172.txt do not buy the case canon sells for this camera . it takes 20 seconds to take the camera out or put it in
music pos 331.txt it would be easy to say that this is the single greatest performance of the mahler eighth ever recorded ; i believe it is . but it would be difficult to say that and have it mean something , because after experiencing this colossal achievement , the competition ( including , alphabetically , abbado , bernstein , chailly , haitink , horenstein , kubelik , nagano , olson [colorado mahlerfest] , solti , and tennstedt , among others ) suddenly seemed far less impressive than they once had . what sets this mahler eighth so far apart from virtually every other is its sense of ecstasy ; of a transcendent vision being communicated , of a religious fervor . mahler had an extraordinary plan in putting together what he considered his most important work , such that he could bring us to the brink and say , " there . it 's out there . you ca n't see it , but you can divine it " ( and call " it " what you will : " god " or " love " or some all-embracing power outside of ourselves ) . most performances miss the mark , then , in one of two ways : by remaining resolutely earthbound or by trying to capture that vision in terms we can understand . the problem , of course , is that if we can understand it , it 's no longer a vision , it 's something mundane . in the closing pages of wit 's extraordinary ( and that word , as well as any other , hardly begins to do it justice ) performance you become aware of that vision existing just beyond your comprehension . you know it 's there only because you 're willing to take that leap of faith . and that 's what i mean when i say he brings the piece a sense of religious fervor . there is nothing dogmatic about the kind of religion i 'm referring to here . so let 's look at the basic components of the performance , element by element : the sound : spectacularly natural and all-encompassing . the soloists emerge from the overall sonic image like members of the orchestra , and the chorus , orchestra , and organ blend to perfection . the soloists : to a letter the finest group i have ever heard . there 's a distinctly slavic sound that seems altogether appropriate given mahler 's bohemian roots , and a refreshing lack of self-importance . no operatic grandstanding here . and for the first time ever i felt as though i was missing something by not following the words ( no libretto is provided , though it is available online and can be found easily enough elsewhere ) because everyone sounded like they cared dearly about what they were singing . they were n't going through the motions , making pretty sounds . they had something imperative to communicate and wanted us to know it . to be honest , part ii has often bored me to tears ( with chailly 's performance being particularly offensive in this regard ) but here i was literally on the edge of my seat throughout , impatient to hear what ( and who ) came next . and throughout it all , so importantly , there was a sense of spiritual ascent from beginning to end . the choruses : easily the best i 've ever heard . the way they rip into " hostem repellas longius " with their shrieks in the great double fugue of part i is unforgettable , and the fugue itself , which has never reminded me more of the " rabble " section from the first movement of mahler 's third , literally had my spine tingling throughout its entire course . that 's nothing . i got chills right at the beginning of the chorus mysticus and six and a half minutes later they had not abated ! i have never experienced anything like that before . ever . and i do n't just mean while listening to music . the conductor : what can i say ? he holds the symphony together with a tautness and logic that nobody ever credited this work with having before . how ? i have no idea , but when the start of part ii does n't jar , as it usually does , you know you 're in for something special . maybe it 's because the orchestral prelude there seems faster than usual , or because he finds so much inwardness in the first part ( the first entry of the soloists , for instance , is so raptly caressing ) . the orchestra : while they do n't have the " mahler sound " that the concertgebouw or vienna philharmonic may produce , there 's an earthiness ( but never sloppiness ) that sets them far apart from the bleached , sterile sound of too many american orchestras that make mahler sound not like mahler . to sum up , then , i could not speak for an hour after hearing this recording , and still burst into tears at the mere thought of it , especially those radiant , visionary , and extraordinary closing pages . record of the year ; record of the century ! it crowns not merely my mahler collection but an entire lifetime of listening to great music .
music neg 271.txt there is now no trace of delight left in this band . all songs are either moderately slow and somewhat self-indulgent or frightfully slow and quite self-indulgent . i do love this band and pronounce praises upon them whenever i receive a doe-eyed look saying their name , but this cd and the cd previous ( which did have 1 tune , " apples , " with which one could smile ) does , for the first time , take away any anticipation for their next collection of chopfallen tunes . first , we loose the roses , then the ned 's disband , following that , swervedriver breaks apart and velocity girl is gone forevermore . now my charlatans have become charlatans of the great band they once were .
health neg 458.txt sure it has many pretty lights and a slick design . one problem though : it is terrible at shaving ! i was using my old braun 6520 , and was quite happy with it . then i saw a good deal for this " new , redesigned , superb , self-cleaning " shaver and decided to upgrade . bad idea ! after shaving with it , it looks like i have a day-old stubble . no matter how much i twist and press it , the " new super system of blades designed by no one other than gillette " does a bad job . this morning i actually pulled my old 6520 out , shaved off as much as i could with this " 360 complete " garbage , and then used 6520 to see how much " clean up " it would do . the difference was both very visible and substantial ! i am really sorry i bought this and feel duped by their marketing.. . do n't make the same mistake as me . buy something else and save your money
camera pos 106.txt i bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it , or have already bought it- -it 's size . it is amazingly small , it 's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera . i take it with me everywhere , literally , it is so small that i am able to keep it in my pocket , and i do n't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable . there is also a small covering for the lens , so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched . the picture quality surprised me , when i first saw this camera i saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good- -but i was wrong ! the picture quality of this camera is outstanding ( taking its ' size and price into consideration ) . however , i do have a few things to complain about.. . first off , the battery . this camera uses a lithium battery , i find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient ; because what if you are on vacation , where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station- -there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there . not only is it inconvenient , but also the battery life span is short . the longest i 've had it work was about 1 hour and 45 minutes . this is n't uncommon in cameras , though , just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries , you should be fine . another problem i had with this camera was the zoom function . such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong ! very wrong . the zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet . even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little , resulting in a noisy start-up . the flash is very weak . really dissapointing . if you are inside , you ca n't be any farther away then 10 feet in a lit room . the last problem i found with this camera was the macro function . the auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject . to make matters work , there is no manual override to overcome this problem . the focus is great , though , if you are not taking a macro shot . these are all the flaws i found in the camera , it 's not my first choice in cameras , i have come across many other beginner cameras that i prefer over this camera , but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size . if you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times , then this is a great camera choice .
camera neg 896.txt hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! !
books neg 907.txt i thought this was the most boring book i 've ever read ! i hated it and about 1 / 3 of the way through i quit reading it
health neg 758.txt results were never consistent . many " err " readings . i was definitely no satisfied
health neg 542.txt i have three bathrooms used by two teenagers and their friends , a toddler and her friends and so they need heavy duty cleaning every week . a neighbour suggested the mr clean to me saying it really cut down on her cleaning time and she did n't have to wreck her back scrubbing the tub . i am disappointed with it . the one thing i did like was the pole . i was able to scrub the tub , the tile on the walls without needing to overreach . that said , i really had to scrub hard to get the grime off the tub , and still could n't get it all until i used my regular scrub brush . i think i was expecting this to be a way that i could do a lighter clean in between the heavy duty ones but obviously not so . the other thing that bothered me was that you have to rinse off the stuff after you scrub ; from watching the commercial i feel misled because you get the impression that you just scrub and you 're done . at least it was n't that spendy so i do n't feel too bad about the wasted money
software pos 518.txt easy to install and navigate . automatic incremental backups are completed randomly . sometimes they work , other times they abort . ca n't determine why
books neg 161.txt sorry , this guy 's voice gave me the creeps . he sounds like a preacher . who can meditate without the ability to respond positively to the leading voice
music pos 320.txt this album was so good to hear when it came out . i like every song on here but my favorites are " still dre " , " the watcher " , " xxplosive " , " what 's the difference " and " forget about dre . those are my favorites but there a lot of other songs that people will like . recommend this album highly to rap fans . buy this album you have nothing to loose because its dre one of the best producers in the game right now so click on add to cart and be happy you hearing this classic
software neg 77.txt i used a bundled package in a new laptop to create a photo album . when trial time expired , i purchase the full package . i could not open the existing album with the new software . the new full package is hard to use and the so called 1000 's of templates can not be found . use something else ! ! ! i even e-mailed corel about this . its been 4 days , i have not had a response . do not buy ! ! ! i rate this produce as a -2 stars
software pos 128.txt not a complicated application , but it successfully repartitioned a 100g drive into 3rds on a new lenovo laptop with xp sp2. i would recommend using the dos version which you can get just by booting on the cd . requires no install , you can simply boot , make the changes , and it is done . seems to be very straightforward and i would just be inherently nervous about repartitioning the boot drive with windows running
health neg 476.txt thought this would save time and be easier than a blow dryer and round brush , but no . my hair is long-ish and kind of fine / straight . the brushes would not grab the hair enough like my regular round hair brush . so , i could n't get the full volume results i wanted . i can see how those with thick or wavy hair would fare better . it is very loud though . i returned mine
music pos 81.txt before i review this classic rolling stones album , i just want to point out that juke box hero and whirligig are one in the same person . a troll who likes to trash great music and praise dire straits ( who are a good band but nit the greatest ) and green day . i say cut the shenanigans ! now that is off my chest , back to the review ! the rolling stones ' second album to be released on their own label fittingly called rolling stones records , which was distributed by atlantic at the time ( now virgin / capitol ) , entitled exile on main street was released in may of 1972. the album was the band 's only double studio album but is one of rock 's greatest double studio albums in history and ranks up there with other classic 2-record sets like the wall , quadrophenia , the lamb lies down on broadway and tommy among others . before guitarist keith richards ' heroin addiction took over for some time in the mid-1970s , he was what the late producer jimmy miller called a workhorse . the album was recorded at keith 's home in france and at olympic studios in london and muscle shoals in alabama and in los angeles . keith 's music and frontman mick jagger 's lyric writing was arguably at its peak on exile on main street . songs like the opening rocker rocks off , the 50s sounding rocker rip this joint , the album 's hit tumbling dice , the country-ish sweet virginia , keith 's classic rocker happy ( and it is his most famous track which he sang ) , the slow-ish soul survivor , the fast-paced blues rocker all down the line and the soul sounding shine a light are classics which sound like they could have been recorded yesterday . ventilator blues was another highlight as it was the only song that mick and keith wrote was co-written by guitarist mick taylor whom just tore the place up from 1969-74 ( his solos just rocked from 1969-74 ) . exile on main street was the rolling stones ' second consecutive #1 album and another million seller . the tour in support of the album saw the band getting bigger and bigger . almost 35 years on , this album is still a classic ! this album is hugely recommended
dvd neg 577.txt the first two seasons of chef ! are absolutely brilliant and some of the most entertaining television one will ever watch . season three , however , is virtually unwatchable - they changed director , changed from film to video tape , replaced many of the actors and the result is perhaps the fastest downfall of a great series in television history . i would avoid seasons three like the plague but do check out the first two seasons .
health neg 712.txt waking up to this product 's sound and light is delightful . trying to read , at night , by the " daylight " bulb is not delightful . the light is too dim . i 've done the things suggested by instructions and other users , to no success . i must agree that , for the price , this product should have better sound and quality . that leaves us with " great idea , lousy execution !
health pos 975.txt this give an excellent finish to a shave . i strongly suggest using the shaving oil as well . apply hot water to dilate your pores , then apply the oil , then shaving cream , shave , and finally the after shave balm . the oil and balm make for an amazing shaving experience . your face feels incredibly smooth afterward . i do n't use it every day because it is a little more time consuming that just applying the shaving cream alone , but i do use the products above most of the time because of the great feel after
music neg 988.txt most of these idiot reviewers are missing the fact that this cd is missing lot of songs which define extreme . the implication that it is a & quot ; best of&quot ; and not a & quot ; greatest hits&quot ; should have included more from their self-titled album . tsk-tsk , this does n't include & quot ; mutha ( do n't wanna go to school today ) & quot ; , how can that be
camera pos 445.txt i 've had this camera for a couple of weeks now , it 's my 4th digital camera . i am very happy with the photos i 'm able to take , they are truly outstanding . i 'm still learning all of the settings but i 'm finding everything to be user-friendly . i like the way it feels in my hand and i 'm pleased with the battery life . i purchased a 2gb card to replace the one that came with the camera and it 's been the perfect size for me . the video is amazing , i was standing in the upstairs bathroom of our 2 story house and saw our little one jumping on the trampoline at the far end of our backyard , so i decided to tape it . not only was the quality good , the camera picked up the audio , which i never expected ! and i like that you can zoom in or out while you 're taping , i was n't able to do that with my last camera . i 've had no problems downloading the pics or videos to my computer and the prints i 've gotten have been great as well
books pos 433.txt i bought this book in the 80 's and it did wonders for me ! it helped me to get control of " me " again.. . and i went forward with my son from there
music pos 601.txt .and so worth the price of admission . 6 cds worth to be exact . coleman 's musical voice is so free and full of life ! it really is beautiful
camera neg 81.txt this gets 1 star for the simple fact that it does n't seem to fit my mark ii body properly .
software pos 774.txt loaded easily , no glitches . the online account access feature became functional after running the software update . the program is fully functional and i have suffered no inconvenience running this on an intel-based macbook .
health pos 876.txt after going back and forth between oil of olay and neutrogena i settled on this product mostly because of the price ( plus no one complained about the granules getting into their eyes . ) i 'm happy with the results - my skin is softer and appears to have taken on more clarity . the orange smell is lovely and it only takes two minutes ( i do it in the shower . ) of course , it 's not microdermabrasian , but it is a great exfolliater for your skin
music pos 956.txt jigga is incredibly hot on this album beanie is good to great . memphis bleek , is really good on this album , but is overshadowed . his " 534 " shows how good he is , this album does not . overall as an album it does a good job of showing off roc a fella , but not to much about the dynasty
dvd pos 132.txt despite the chintzy , unconvincing facial hair ( jeff daniels ' being the exception ) ; martin sheen 's too-gentlemanly interpretation of gen . lee 's accent ( and his beard ) ; obvious & saccharine soliloquies about the higher purpose for fighting the war ; generalized ( and largely inaccurate ) interpretations of the underlying history of the war ; and hopelessly , ridiculously , wildly off-the-mark attempts atnew england accents , the film still works . i understand that to get a film produced and distributed , it is often necessary to have recognizable names in the cast . but an unknown who looks more like general lee than martin sheen would have been a better choice . and c . thomas howell 's performance- -well , let 's just say that his glued-on beard was more convincing than his acting . jeff daniels , however , does an excellent job , in large part because he does n't try to convince you he 's from new england and consequently does not come off like cliff from cheers , using every stereotype associated with nasal ' r' -dropping . instead of focusing on the so-called nasality of the ne accent ( think of sheen in the missiles of octobah ) , daniels allows the viewer to suspend disbelief . but then , here comes ct howell again to slap you across the face and remind you that sheen and kevin costner are n't the only actors who should have appeared as new englanders in an ed wood production . i think the story works because there 's enough commitment to historical military fact to make it believable . the battle scenes probably should have been more visually graphic to evoke the horror of the battle , but the movie makers either did n't have the budget for gore ( maybe it was spent on the obviously fake beards ) or decided to err on the side of forbearance . if gettysburg had been made 8-10 years later , it might have benefited from the newer style of violence-depiction , as in saving private ryan , thin red line , or gladiator . it falls a bit short of that , however . finally , it should be noted that the producers / director seem to be operating on a rather simplistic view of the war 's historical underpinnings , opting to represent the northern point of view as one united behind the idea of freeing the slaves . anyone who knows about the boston busing riots of the 1970s will understand that not all of the north is steeped in racial generosity and brotherhood . very few who fought on the side of the blue fought because they believed in the abolition of slavery . they fought to preserve the union , which is a very different concept . abolition of slavery happened to be the issue that forced the south 's hand , but it was not the sole cause of the war . the movie dumbs this down a bit , making the message more like what you 'd find in a 5th-grade text book . the battle at gettysburg was certainly pivotal , but viewers should remember that it did not end the civil war . the north absolutely needed to win it , but lee continued to cause the north fits for almost 2 years after gettysburg . c . thomas howell will continue to cause me fits every time i think of this movie . still and all , the film is very watchable . and due credit should be given to the re-enactors , arguably the greatest source of credibility for the film
software pos 3.txt simply the best software out there for digital photographers , graphic designers and anything having to do with digital image creation and manipulation . packed with features for novices to professional advanced users . the only limits are your imagination
software pos 391.txt i am a chess player myself , so i can endorse this even more . this software is well designed , it can get a little difficult to get to some exercises inside it , but kids can figure it out eventually . my son has improved his play quite a bit even though he takes hints sometimes : ) , but this is a good software to get the kids started and teach them all the requisite skills to become a chess playe
books pos 613.txt i tell my life coaching clients that even one of these poems makes for an loving guide as to how to live your life . her poem , mindful , eloquently points the way to a life of joy and fullness for anyone . yes
health pos 683.txt this product is a blessing for handicapped users . it is solidly built , easy to roll about with and makes being mobile a wonderful reality . plus , i do n't think you can beat the price , which gives you a model that ca n't be beaten . also , delivery was lightening fast
music neg 677.txt i said i was going to be honest in all reviews , and yes , i kinda clunkered on this one . i hate this cd . simply put . they ca n't sing , and the songs are boring . i 'm sorry i bought this cd , and other people might not like me saying that , but it 's my opinion . i listen to power metal extensively and there is much better stuff out there like symphony x , nightwish or sonata artica . do n't buy this , though , you might like it . i 'd definitely listen to it first
dvd pos 152.txt saw this movie at a sneak preview as i could not wait for it to be released . wonderful & awesome feel good movie . i bought the 2004 calendar and was anxious for the movie 's release on dvd . fabulous acting by all of the ladies . get this movie & watch it with your mom ! ! also recommended : the full mont
books neg 703.txt i really love to get these for my wife , surprises are best when i give them to her , and she enjoys all of them from this great author , but she and i were not happy when i thought i found another of this super special portal series : - ( . having a new cover is nice but its a new publisher with nothing more than marketing in their minds , really hated to say this but we all know her books are super great , just know this is a reprint before you guy and like others , get a little ticked its not new after you fork over the cash and get your hopes up ! peace everyone : - ) jeff
health pos 971.txt i 've tried a lot of different " nutrition " and " energy " bars , and these are my favorites ( along with a couple of other chocolate zoneperfect bars like double chocolate and chocolate raspberry ) . great taste , a nice texture ( sort of like nestle crunch ) , and much more satisfying than candy bars . almost as tasty as girl scout " thin mints " , but not as fat - and guilt-inducing
dvd pos 286.txt this film is a landmark in blending science and advocacy . it seeks to assert that animals lead complex and sophisticated emotional lives , not unlike our own . but it manages to walk the fine line between subjectivity and objectivity . it avoids going too far into the subjective . it does n't try to emotionally blackmail the viewer with mere cute / stagey displays of animal interaction . instead it relies heavily on scientific observation in both natural and controlled environments . but by the sheer genious of editing and writing , one cannot help but be drawn into the lives of these noble creatures just as one would a good drama . the movie wisely lets the animals ' behavior " do the talking " , and does n't try to push the viewers ' judgement one way or the other . it left me rethinking everything i had assumed about animals , emotions , and the nature of our ( and by ' our ' i mean all of god 's creatures ) existence
dvd neg 770.txt standard disclaimer : i love dream theater . however , this dvd is almost unbearable to watch due to all of the video effects that obscure the live performance . did n't i buy a dvd of dream theater live so that i could see them play ? ? at times , several minutes pass without showing the musicians as they 're playing . video effects such as swirling colors , images of the artists upside down ( ? ! ? ) , and black and white re-enactments make the whole affair feel like someone was trying to create their first music video for mtv in 1984. or maybe trying to induce an epileptic seizure in the viewer ? ? dream theater would get a rating of 1000 , but i 'd give this dvd a 0 if i could . just goes to show what poor editing gets you
camera pos 145.txt i took this with me recently to australia and shot landscapes as well as others , and the pictures came out better than the film cameras i have used recently , plus you do n't need a scanner . this camera works great , a must have for semi-pros . pros , wait for the new 1d . pictures come out great at 11&quot ; x17&quot ;
dvd pos 237.txt i really like this dvd - you can get some really good exercise in only 10 minutes . lara does not waste time on lengthy explanations between exercises , and she moves quickly from one exercise to another . i like the variety of exercises - there are not too many rep 's on any one exercise , which keeps the workout from being monotonous . this is the first " programmable " exercise dvd i 've used , and i like being able to pick and choose which exercise segments to do and in which order - this makes it easier for me to get motivated to start ( and once i start , i 'm fine )
software pos 4.txt adobe photoshop has a long history of being the best software in the business . it 's only downside is that it may seem a bit daunting to the beginning user . there is , however , a plethora of texts , tutorials , learning guides , and even video 's to help abate the learning curve
camera pos 801.txt i own the stylus 710 that i have had since september of last year , and love it to pieces . little did i know olympus was relaseing this little monster onto the market 2 months later . it has all of the features and software of the 710 model , with digital image stabilization , but 5x optical / 5.6x digital / 28x total zoom , an upgrade from 15x total zoom ( 3x optical and 5x digital ) . the price is about the same , and actually an excellent deal here on amazon . the 2.5 " color lcd monitor with histogram display and auto image rotation has been standard in the 710 and 810 , and the 1000 series , and i have not problem with it , i think it is comparable to all models in this range ( panasonic , fuji , kodac , hp ) . i the bright sun , no lcd is going to be really great . i have captured many fun moments with this camera ( 2 weddings , 2 vacations ) and love it . the diffence with the 740 model is the thickness is a bit bigger due to the bigger optical lense , but that is well worth the sacrifice , because having more optical zoom = better picture . i know , i tested this side by side with my 710. pick this up , you will not be dissapointed . also , look at the 750 and the 760 models , both of which have optical image and digital image stabilization , but alter the zooms a bit . compare , and see what meets your needs . also , the olympus mastersoftware is very easy to use , and with panoramic feature , 3d , and extra art features unlocked by olympus brand-olympus stamped type h hd , this camera becomes even more of a pleasure to own . you can edit photos on the computer , or right in the palm of your hand . both ways , this camera will make you feel like a pro in no time .
dvd neg 720.txt it is so strange for a famous actor like stallone to play as bad as stowe ; may be it is competition between them to make you exhausted of watching this film . this boring story is about a bodyguard , which has been repeated in different films many times . the worst is the director who could not manage the film . after 15 minutes it made me sleep . i regret for the money that i paid for the dvd
books neg 263.txt the book is fine , except i had to skip lengthy descriptions about the dog trainer . she 's such a boring character . she 's young , but not motivated to work . in fact , she quited one of her jobs when macon covered her rent . the dog training job was just a pretext for her to try to hook up with some men , and get support . the point is that she does n't enjoy the job , thus , a detailed description of her dog training job ( which she does n't seem to enjoy ) was just a boring digression
dvd pos 178.txt these 10 minute workout combos are great for any busy mom since you can do one , two or three depending on how much time you have and how tired you are !
dvd pos 496.txt this is fantastic ! great music , great story , awesome photography ! i promise you will love this film
health neg 464.txt this may work well , but the cuff size is not as it is in the description . it says this will work on an arm circumference of up to 18 inches . not even close . my arm is a little under 13 inches and was too large for the cuff by far . sure , you can get the cuff to go around your arm , but there are indications on the cuff that have to line up for it to work properly , and there was just no way to even come close
music neg 421.txt bad news is that i wasted my time listening to this whinefest . good news is that i bought it used . i give it two stars because there are two tolerable songs on the cd and she is a cutie . more good news . i re-sold it for my purchase price
health neg 270.txt if i could give it less than zero stars , i would . i do n't know how anyone can say this works great . maybe they can tell me what i 'm doing wrong because i ca n't get this thing to work at all . i bought it for my daughter 's birthday thinking she could have some fun with temporary hair color . she has brown hair and nothing showed up at all . i tried everything - - dry hair , wet hair , dirty hair , clean hair - - you name it , i tried it , and we could n't even get a remote hint of color . the picture on the package makes it look as easy and successful as painting your hair - - total false advertising . i kept meaning to return it but never did - - now , it will end up at a garage sale for 5 cents and a note saying " purchase at your own risk
dvd pos 859.txt set two is really season three , ( set five is season one.. . ? ? ) , and all the " murders " are excellent !
software pos 608.txt what i like about this software is that it does not come with too many " gadgets . " at my age , i am " technically challenged . " so this software worked out fine for me with my limited computer skills . i also like the fact that this software covers castilian spanish . it is probably the only course available that exclusively covers castilian spanish in such depth since pimsleur and learning like crazy only offer latin american spanish courses . the downside of this software is that you will not learn much spanish grammar with it . if you want to learn the rules and mechanisms required to combine words and form sentences in spanish , you will have to buy a good spanish grammar book . for that i strongly recommend spanish grammar for independent learners by avigail azoulay , arie vicente . it is more expensive than other spanish grammar books but it is well worth the money .
software pos 567.txt at the elementary school my children attend they have it on their computers . so they were begging me to buy it for them . its very user friendly , even my 5 year old can play with it without assistance .
dvd pos 268.txt if you follow my reviews , you know that i felt the version of " jack the ripper " with michael caine as inspector fred abberline was a phenomenal masterpiece . not only was michael caine phenomenal in the role , but that version offered convincing speculation to a mystery we do n't know and never will . while i respect this version with johnny depp , it is more horror oriented . ( michael caine 's version was more historical . ) onto the subject at hand . some of you may know jack 's 5 victims . ( mary anne nichols , annie chapman , elizabeth stride , kathy eadows , and mary jane kelly . ) well , they seem to have a close friendship , and we also get the impression that they share some dangerous secret . ( in the michael caine version , the 5 victims knew each other , but they were just associates . ) well , of course jack the ripper comes into play . one scene is very well done in that while we do n't see his face , we do see some disturbing pictures , and we do see him cutting his steak and pouring blood red wine . in comes depp ( inspector fred abberline ) . it is interesting that while the older michael caine brought frustration and tremendous energy to the role , johnny depp looks like his character is living on borrowed time and going to die anyday . but maybe depp did n't want to just imitate caine . one thing i had a problem with was that while caine had some trouble with his superiors , depp 's trouble with his superiors is blown out of proportion . ( without giving the story away , his superiors must have known things that they did n't tell depp ! at least caine 's superiors carried some reason on their side ! ) you 'll probably notice that depp finds things out much quicker than caine did . ( probably because caine 's version was 4 hours , while depp 's is only 2. ) while caine was involved with an artist , depp becomes involved with mary jane kelly . gradually , depp discovers things that put together an interesting puzzle . like caine did in his version , depp ironically gets close and almost friendly with the killer . ( of course , depp does not know he is talking to the killer . ) well , another problem here is that in the caine version , we can understand more why the killer appeared normal and was even friendly with caine . we never really understand here why the killer is friendly and even helpful to depp . ( jack the ripper does not have the same mental illness he did in the caine version . ) i will admit that the scenery is well done , the elements of horror are there , and depp did a good job of not just imitating michael caine . and depp 's sergeant godley does offer some entertainment . but if you saw the michael caine version , you will undoubtedly miss the quite probable historical accuracy . if on the other hand , you do n't mind the fact that this version is more geared towards horror than history , you 'll probably find it a respectable horror movie . side note : johnny depp makes inspector fred abberline look like he 's going to die anyday . well , in reality , fred abberline lived on for 40 more years after he stopped jack the ripper .
software neg 1.txt the easy language 16 is only useful if you 're already familiar with the language you wish to learn . i 've been studying french for months before buying this product and found it to be helpful when i 'm getting rusty . the only problem is that it 's hard to make out what is being said because the sound is not clear . the recorded speakers also do n't bother to slow down to give you a chance to understand or repeat what is being said . this is good cause it 's like listening to an actual french speaker and not a robot , bad if you actually want to learn how to pronounce what is being said . it will also go over basic french grammar but is totally useless if you do n't already know basic french grammar . i also tried to use this to learn japanese . unlike french , i 'm not familiar with the japanese language at all so trying to use this product to learn it became a nightmare . if all you want to do is learn how to speak the language it does have a romanized version of the words and phrases to make it easier to sound them out . unfortunately the basic japanese grammar and japanese alphabet are all written in japanese . for instance , in the grammar section it has the past , present and future " i am " it 's written in english then beside it it 's written in japanese . you ca n't click them to have it sound out for you . in the japanese alphabet section all it has is the japanese alphabet and you can click them to sound them out but you really have no clue what you are sounding out . so it teaches you nothing about reading the language but the test they want you to take are purely in japanese . i do want to learn how to read , write and speak japanese so none of this would be a problem if it actually taught you how to read , write , and speak japanese ! so my guess would be that you really have to be familiar with japanese ( not the romanized ( romanjj ) version ) already in order to use this product . because of my experiences with this product i would say get it only if you know the languages you 're interested in and use it as a refresher and nothing more . since i am familiar with french this product was pretty helpful but if i used this as a starter for the language i probably would have quit . i 'm searching amazon for better japanese books . so if you want to actually learn a language look to the books with the language tapes and cd 's
health neg 595.txt these did nothing for me . ask your doctor about aphthasol , a prescription drug approved by the fda - - which means it 's passed rigorous government testing standards . aphthasol changed my life
books neg 863.txt as a complete newbie to xml this was a good starter . as i got deeper into xml i found several mistakes / deficiencies in the book , and sometimes the author just flat out seemed to not know what he was talking about . for instance , the claim on page 86 that ( #cdata ) is a valid dtd element content definition is flat out wrong . his description of schema element declarations ( pp . 114-115 ) teaches that using globals / refs is the only way to define complex elements , and is inappropriate for his example . he makes no mention of globals at all , leaving the reader confused . i have ceased to trust this book as a valid source of xml information
music neg 185.txt i live in buffalo and i 'm a big prog rock fan ; so when i saw this cd at the library , i knew i had to give it a free listen . but make no mistake - this cd under-delivers on many levels . i always wanted asia to be a great band - it had my favorite guitar player ( steve howe ) , a top-shelf drummer ( carl palmer ) , and a proven bass player / vocalist who was up to the task ( john wetton ) . but there was always a bit too much " pop " , simplicity and repetition in their music to totally engage me . hey , progressive rock is mostly about " different " , complexity and change , right ? asia was a progressive-pop band ( akin to the later albums of todd rundgren 's utopia ) that made good music , but did n't really pioneer much of anything . same with this cd . there 's little here that 's new or better than the studio versions of the songs . palmer 's long drum solo got boring after a while . steve 's acoustic solos can be found on other yes recordings , and done much better there - here , the recording quality is so bad that it sounds like he 's playing tuned rubber bands at times . ( honestly , i remember hearing better fidelity from my old kenner close'n'play ! ) o.k. , it was cool to hear steve express his pleasure at playing in buffalo again ! but the so-called " keyboard solo " by geoff downs was underwhelming to say the least , and reinforced my suspicion that he was sort of the weak link in this group of otherwise great prog virtuosos . i guess if one loves a band too much , they can blindly overlook some shortcomings on almost any cd by that band , and that 's just fine for those people . however , the objective reality of this cd 's value comes creeping in on many other 's existing reviews : namely , the production quality is sub-par ( to the point of being annoying at times ) ; the vocals and harmonies are often off-key ( you really should n't have to wince this much during 79 minutes of music ! ) ; this is clearly a single disk album that was issued on 2 disks for some reason ; the packaging and liner notes are scant ; and the performance just does n't add much to the studio versions . this is for asia completists only . asia did make a solid 5-star progressive-pop cd with their first studio album . i love it . but they never improved upon it , and never stretched out into new territory . perhaps this 1982 live recording exposes some of the weaknesses that kept this potential supergroup from going from " good " to " great " . support your local library . ( and in this case , save some cash ! )
software neg 454.txt after installing this software in to my pc . some functions of my keyboard stopped working . even some multimedia buttons disappeared . after that i had to concatct hp to download drivers again . even after installing the drivers , it did not start working as beore till i uninstalled this third rate software from my pc . after uninstalling every thing got fine . i will not recommand this soft ware to any one
books neg 333.txt thriller and mystery readers like to guess along with our protagonists when we 're reading a story . we like to look for clues in what we 've read to help us unravel the plot , and find out who did it and why the crime was done . john grisham cheats us out of that fun . the villian of this book is n't introduced until there less than 75 pages left , which means that when you get that far , you realize that everything you read before then was n't valid . to have some red herrings in a thriller is fine , but to have 300 pages of chases and red herrings ? that 's bad . read another thriller instead of this one , one that plays by the rules
dvd pos 58.txt following the series of firefly , serenity continues the story line for a few more steps . there are so many ways this movie is packed i cannot begin to properly mention them here . the storyline is woven to present images not so much out of sequence but in a " solving the mystery " approach . the english language used presents a plausible development that on first viewing is not difficult to follow or understand - mostly through common word usage that is more and more endearing with subsequent viewing . the animations are first rate and contribute to an unbelievably real quality . the characters are complex , focused , solid and believable from the way they are unchanging in their demeanor in all situations . the challenges the crew of serenity face are many : from their interactions with unsavory underworld bosses while earning money for survival to avoiding authority " alliance " forces to the overt mortal threat of the " reavers " . the climax builds to the end revealing some things while setting the stage for the story to continue . the music in serenity contributes to the experience leaving me wanting more . i suggest seeing the series firefly before watching the movie serenity to fully understand and grasp the nuances of the characters
camera neg 296.txt probably a very good case , but not a very operatable one in the field - you have to undo two closures to open the camera compartment , a strap and a velcro . the shoulder strap is not detachable - looks kind of silly when you are trying to use the belt strap . for the olympus stylus digital cameras , look to the lowepro case - better case and value
music neg 245.txt many people have judged this album as a masterpiece i know . but to me this is just a collection of boring ambient sounds . this is unusual of me because i usually like ambient music . another double ambient album - seti - pharos - is a real masterpiece . it is a real pity because the cover of this album is really stunning - but - you know - never judge the cover by its album . please if you have any feedback to this write to - carlogiova@yahoo.it - i would be happy to share thoughts .
camera pos 617.txt this is a very good camcorder with the main problem i noted being the dvd format giving only 30 minutes or so of recording in hd mode per disk . it is also a problem that only blue-ray dvd players can play back the dvd in hd mode . even worse that it might destroy the disk if you use it on another player . nevertheless , the price was good and i think blue-ray will be more affordable in the near future . meanwhile , i can playback my video directly or send it to the computer . i am glad i bought it . if a minidv tape version were available at the same price now i think it might be better to stick with the tape version for now though . i was sent a bad power supply with the camcorder but sony sent a new one right away . be careful to buy the correct battery and external charger accessories for the camera as it is a bit confusing as to which will work for it . overall - i am very happy with the camcorder
dvd pos 103.txt i totally love this dvd ! they really show how to do grooves , not just some moves that you can only do to a specific music video . these are grooves you can make your own and go and dance any where with . that what i think makes this dvd series totally different from the rest . the moves are current and fun and the host and dancers are excellent dancers and also fun to watch . it goes slow enough and they turn around backwards to show you how to do it . love it ! ! ! love it ! ! ! love it ! ! ! i am hooked on the groovaloos
software pos 385.txt when i was a kid , i religiously read many of the marvel comics . the avengers was one of my favorites . in my dreams i would have loved to have read all of the issues , but the expense would have been ( way ) too much . now , after so many years the opportunity is finally here . i was afraid that my youth would be too far removed to enjoy reading these anymore , but i took a chance and bought this dvd anyway . it was worth it - by a mile . i am enjoying reading each and every issue since the famed #1 as much as i would have as a kid . it will take a long time to get through them all , but i 'll enjoy every minute . stan lee , thank you for such a simple pleasure . great stuff for kids of all ages
music pos 488.txt " burnin ' " was the last album by the wailers as a collective group , afterwhich peter tosh and bunny wailer left the group to pursue solo careers and marley reformed his group , calling it " bob marley & the wailers " in 1974. the album shows the original three at their best , balancing lead vocals on several songs between bob marley , bunny wailer , and peter tosh . the album not only serves to further reveal bob 's soon-to-be legendary work , but also to show the talent of bunny wailer with his lead vocals on songs like " hallelujah time " and " pass it on " . the album also shows tosh taking lead with marley on " one foundation " and alongside marley on " get up , stand up " . the album 's biggest gem , however , was " i shot the sheriff , " soon to be made a favorite in the u.s. and the u.k. by rock artist eric clapton on his 1974 " 451 ocean boulevard " album . the deluxe edition also features a concert from the tour in leeds , u.k. just one week before the wailers broke up . ( bunny , however , was already absent , having refused to tour outside of jamaica once and for all earlier that year . his temporary replacement , the wailers ' old vocal coach , joe higgs was also absent , quitting the tour after they completed their shows in the u.s. ) 1973 's " burnin ' " shows the original wailers at their very best before their breakup and is a timeless classic for music fans everywhere , i can guarentee it
dvd pos 317.txt " dave " is a lot of fun , as a look-alike gets to pretend to be president , gradually gets a big head and tries to use the power , and makes high-stakes enemies . i am a big fan of sigourney weaver , and she is very good here . kevin kline does well , as well . the forces of good beat back the dark side of politics for awhile , and an ordinary guy finds extraordinary adventure and true love . definitely worth a rental , if romantic and comic politics with a bit of danger is your bag
camera pos 350.txt this uv filter does it job to protect the lens well . the build is solid ( metal construction ) . the glass is also descent quality . about the performance , it absorbs some uv light . the uv light absorbtion is hardly noticeable , probably the sky 1-a and the haze filter version will absorb more uv light than this lens which is fine for me . now , about the one problem which is the internal reflection . i 've heard many people say that it mostly happens during night or low light shooting . i found out that it is not caused directly by the low light / night situation . the internal reflection will appear when there is a strong / bright source of light in comparison to the overall exposure ( the surrounding environment ) . to put it in example ( which hopefully is easier to understand ) , when you take a picture of a lamp during nightime and the light is much brighter than the surrounding area then you will see the internal reflection . as you move the position of the light to be closer to the sides / corner of the picture ( and not in the center of the picture ) , the internal reflection reduces and finally dissapear ( if you move the light far enough from the center ) . and if the light is n't too bright / contrast compare to the surrounding environment then there will be no internal reflection . but of course most of the time , a lamp at nightime is often very bright . but the point that i 'm trying to make is that the internal reflection does n't happen all the time during low light or night time . additionally , the internal reflection is n't only happening at night . it can also happen in the afternoon if you are taking a picture of a sun for example . basically same rule as above , on how bright is the light source compared to the surrounding area , and as you move the sun from the center of the photo and near the side the internal reflection will move to the side / dissapear ( also depending the angle ) . but the best way is just to remove the filter during these situations . hope this explanation helps you to reduce the occurence of internal reflection by identifying correctly when the internal reflection will occur and then remove the filter during those situation ( which is not hard to do ) . i 'm actually not a fan of lens filter ( any filter ) as i think it will only degrade picture quality as we added another layer between the sensor and object , but i decided to use them anyway for all my lens . and i would recommend everyone to get one of this filter if you do n't have any filter for your lens yet . i use this filter on my 50mm f / 1.8d lens and on my 18-55mm lens .
health neg 936.txt i bought this to save time . it took me longer to stem press one shirt then ironing by conventional iron . it was too small . i end up returing it which cost me @$25 in shipping cost both ways
books neg 860.txt this is one of the worst-written programming books i have seen yet . i 'm sorry i bought it . it appears to be written by a man who knows quite a bit about finance , and dangerously little about c++ programming . duffy 's review correctly describes the main flaws . i would add that ( 1 ) the book is not structured to build upon oo , gof patterns , or stl design principles ; ( 2 ) the code does not follow even basic c++ coding conventions ; ( 3 ) the images ( screenshots ) are agonizingly unreadable ; ( 4 ) the code listings are in italics using a variable-pitch font [is courier font code listing so difficult to include in a $100 book ? ? ? ] ; ( 5 ) no over-arching component object model is suggested anywhere in the book . some of the efforts at brevity are just plain wrong or even dangerously wrong to teach beginning programmers . for example , pg 19 data types section : - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - int - holds integer numbers up to a little over 2 million , for example , " int i = 2000000 ; . " long - same as int . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - wrong , professor ! this is not only a syntactically incorrect example , but a just plain wrong assertion . if the reader does not know how to determine the ( platform-specific ) size of an " int " or " long " , then the author has only served to confuse the matter further ! furthermore , i consider it a " cheapskate " tactic to ask readers to pay for the code from this book in electronic form ( particularly when the book 's code listings are so sloppy ) . that said , i would not use the code , even if it had been supplied for free ... but it *might* have been interesting to have something to play around with.. . have any of the reviewers actually used any code from this book without substantial refactoring ? the only use i could see for this book is for intermediate-advanced fin-techs , who want to review a few general algorithms for selected derivative calculations ( futures , forwards , etc ) ... but just be prepared to squint and suffer through reading the code
music pos 830.txt i heard the chairman dances and went right to amazon to order this . this ia a lovely little gem of a cd , and it is so pleasing to find john adams , another great modern american composer . i 'm also a fan of composers such as christopher rouse , for example , and joe leniado chira is my cousin . modern composers are a precious resource that we should explore , demand more of and nurture . we afficianados would like to see symphony orchestras and ensembles giving more attention to the modern genre . meanwhile , john adams has impressed me with this disc . the chairman dances is my favorite . i can just see chairman mao doing a vigorous foxtrot to this , and tricky dick feeling jealous . this might be the music that opened china to the west
dvd neg 147.txt why did they even bother transferring this movie to dvd ? seriously ? the [...] child of a masterpiece , " the vanishing " sports some of the most half-hearted performances and sometimes downright hilarious performances of the 90's . this is n't a matter of comparison . this movie , all by itself , just sucks . if i had n't seen the original i 'd just think , " what a brilliant plot , too bad they decided to bury it ( no pun intended ) with everything else in the movie " . jeff bridges manages an unintentional bust a gut type performance as the sociopathic professor ; his accent is so forced and ridiculous that one wonders occasionally if this a parody of that great , gut wrenchingly disturbing , hitchcockian 1988 movie . sandra bullock and kiefer sutherland are themselves , which add nothing to the movie . and the ending . oh , the ending . we 've been cheated . totally cheated . all the power that this clunker might have had is torn away in a fervor of " it has to be upbeat ! " hollywood cornball syndrome . sandra bullock is rescued , the villain is hit with a shovel , and everything is a-ok ! even though kiefer sutherland 's original girlfriend has been buried alive and suffocated . this is [...]of a great movie .
camera pos 77.txt this is original equipment battery charger manufactered by canon . the performance of the charger is excellent as are most canon products . the price paid was comparible to non-sale priced items puchased via internet sites . the item was recieved in original packaging , 3 days after placing the order , was new ( not reconditioned with a new appearance ) . i am extremely pleased with the entire purchase process experienced , from the information given at the site to ease of ordering and fast shipping
health neg 879.txt does n't show you what station you are listening to . it starts over at 88.9 every time you shut it off . by the time you scan a few stations , it stops getting a signal and you have to start off at 88.9 , again .
books neg 312.txt the problem with this book is that it does not explain the mathematics well . the author connects the unsolvable equation with group theory but does not provide any way for the reader to understand exactly what it is that is wrong with the equation . why could the equation not be solved ? there is a reason for this fact , and the mathematical theory explains it well- -but not this book . perhaps a mathematician will write a book explaining why the 5th degree equation cannot be solved in general . the reason is the subject of galois theory taught in high-level mathematics courses but explainable in a popular book ; but apparently not in this one
camera neg 558.txt amazon replaced the original coolpix p3 because of technical defects but the new one has worst problems . this one does not even focuses at all . i dont know what to do now because there is no technical service for nikon in my country venezuela or latin america . i basicly lost my 300 dollars please answe
camera neg 622.txt these are not pioneer boxes . these are mbi boxes . i bought them and was very disappointed since i also have bought pioneer boxes before , and when i compared with the mbi , the latter one is much less sturdy and even the index cards are flimpsy compared with the pioneer's . do not buy these . also , adorama 's customer service is very unfriendly in regard to making their customers satisfied . they insist that they are the same , that i need to return them on my cost , because of their mistake . they flew from one reason to another with blame from that they have never carried pioneer products , to amazon 's mistake in naming them pioneer . but then their own website also has named them pioneer . anyway , just reconsider about buying any products from this company . it 's not worth it , considering the shipping is outrageously high . it is my honest opinion .
camera pos 42.txt this is a wonderful bag for the photographer that wants a light weight bag that can still hold a lot of lenses or bodies . the bag slings around to the front allowing the user to easily switch out lenses without having to unload the entire bag or worry about dropping an expensive lense . also , the bag can hold a lot of accessories . i had to canon rebel xt bodies and 3 lenses in just the camera compartment . the flap that opens up to the user when the bag is on your chest has the memory card holder , but it hold 8 memory cards which is huge ! the top has a small pouch where you can tuck away larger objects like a water bottle or map . the all weather bag cover is built into the bag so you do not have to worry about folding it up and storing it . the bag cover also has velcro pulls that latches it onto the bag so that it stays on insuring a dry environment inside the bag . basically this is a top notch bag that can get through anything . yes , i have actually used the bag on a few trips and find it very user friendy and reasonable
health neg 197.txt this item is rubbish.. . it leaks , quite dangerous since water and electricity do n't mix . i got it , plugged it in filled it 3 / 4 full and had to stop cause water was all over my floor . i have already packed it up and will return it asap
camera neg 130.txt the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself
books neg 929.txt what should have been a fascinating book , at the very least as a voyeuristic experience , fails to deliver largely due to its poorly written pages . the text stumbles along from incomprehensible link to allusive derailment , making the mistake of huge chunks of repetitive material which inevitably detract from the fascinating subject matter . perhaps more of an editng disaster than an author 's failure.....at the heart of which lies a story deserving a more coherent telling
camera pos 316.txt i have used this lens for over 6 months now and have over 1k shots through it . it is as fantastic as others note herein . the 2.8 through the focus range is really great . superb . the vr function is really a neat trick . it is super fun to play with . the drawbacks are size and weight . after a 1 / 2 hour of shooting , your arms will get tired . remember to be careful and hold the lens and not the camera . this lens is definately heavy enough to bend / warp the camera body
music neg 623.txt get off the drugs , guys . your reviews made me purchase this awful load of tripe . while proficient enough on the instruments and vocals , the moon falls woefully short just about everywhere else . the songs sound very similar to one another and are all pretty much void of any decent melodies or even a good hook or two . right when it seems they might be getting somewhere , they break the rhythm and make a feeble attempt to psych it up or out with a sitar , swirling strings or the ever constant and really abused minor key chord changes . there is also a curious lack of any decent choruses , here . i have to believe that that was a conscious effort on the part of the moon . bad idea , guys . and while the music is pretty lame , the lyrics are absolutely wretched . can anyone out there , after listening to this , remember more than ten words from any song on this washed out cd ? if you can , it 's because they 're so lame and uninspiring . the lyrics from the temptations ' " psychadelic shack " captures the feeling of the sixties better than anything these blotterheads came up with . here 's a big hint about the musical contents of this cd . it actually says on the front cover , " featuring david marks of the beach boys . " huh ? ? ? is that supposed to be a ringing endorsement ? comparing these guys to left banke , the zombies or the beatles is pure blasphemy ! for those of you fortunate enough to not have heard the moon before , count your lucky stars . if you feel yourself slipping to the dark side ( the boneheads giving this 4 or 5 stars ) and feel like spending some extra cash , there are other sixties groups more worthy of your money , like the aforementioned bands . i 'm probably going to piss some people off with this review , but that 's exactly how i felt after giving this cd a listen . honestly , i immediately thought of george harrison 's less than stellar second rate efforts while listening to this . i love ya george , but you put out more than one clinker of a northern song . if bad harrison 's your thing......well , then stop reading and buy this cd now ! for the rest of you , there 's a lot of music from somewhat obscure sixties bands coming out on cd right now . garage or psych , a lot of it is great , but the mine is also getting stipped pretty bare . the moon is proof positive . it 's also pretty easy to see why their recording company called it quits after two albums - and the second album is far superior to the first in both sound and content ! in closing , while this album has overwhelming intracasies layered into the music and vocals , the end product is very bland . i read these guys admitted to cutting these songs while under the influence of lsd . it shows ! i rated this " aural adventure " two stars , instead of one , for two reasons . first , i kept rooting for these guys to come up with a decent song to salvage the album ( actually two ) . they never did , but at least they performed all original songs . it 's also worth an added star to see a rerelease from a sixties band that does n't have a cover of " hey joe " on it . if you 're still with me ( and also a lover of good music or even mediocre fare ) , avoid this cd like the plague ! i 'd also like to thank amazon for putting this clinker on my recommendation lists . you done me wrong
music neg 583.txt wow guys.. . how many of you are on crack ? ive given this album 2 whole listens an it still sucks ass . besides if i should have to listen to something more than a few times to know its hot then its wack . cause if you listen to anything enough you will like it . it 's human nature.. . keith , ummm.. . excuse me " dr. octagon " is a retard , mentalcase , and has no lyrical ability . half of you people like this just cause its so different . what he says makes no sence , and has no meaning . that which he does say that does make sence is nasty , and weak . his flow is awefull . his delivery is awefulll . automator does a good job on the boards making nice beats , but keiths lame ass f***s up good beats.. . feel free to click that you dont agree with this kool keith d***riders . :
camera pos 943.txt i 've had this digital camera for almost a year . it 's the fourth camera i 've owned . i spent quite some time searching for a compact camera that i could carry everywhere . being an amateur photographer ( and mostly taking pictures for myself and not others ) , i did n't want to lug around an extra bag just for my camera . it fits discreetly in your pocket or a small purse ( for formal nights out ) . the size and weight of this camera is its best feature , and this carries through to the newer generations of this camera , too . this has been the perfect camera for everything from selling items on-line to landscape scenery . my pictures have always turned out beautifully , with wonderful color and crispness . i have discovered that the " automatic " lighting feature is not always the most ideal , but you can re-program just about anything on this camera . it 's really quite a good camera , and given its price these days with the newer generations out there , it 's a steal
books neg 786.txt i tried , i really did , but i could n't get beyond 100 pages . i love iris johansen books but it seemed she had no joy in writing this one , almost as if she were forced to do so . it contained none of her usual style . the dialogue was choppy and boring and nothing made you care about the characters . i 'm still a fan and hope the next book is written in more typical ij style .
health neg 399.txt i suppose it serves a function for people with bad eyesight or something . but......dear god that thing is ugly
books neg 854.txt unfortunately , for all the name brand that this book conveys , i think the cover seems to be the most intriguing part . there are much better ways for book peddling and the fact that a firm such as mckinsey allowed their name on the title of a book for the sake of a few sales , boggles this readers mind . the subject matter seems to be along the lines of the bull session with all bull and no session . no actual quantitative analysis is used throughout the book , and if anything more than an encyclopedic definition is learned from this book , i would be astounded . save some money and go search online for some basic books on beginning valuation . by the way , those giving 5 stars either ca n't read english very well or are shills for mckinsey
books neg 787.txt i would like to know what kind of a wuss needs to use a stradegy guide for a first person shooter ! ? i mean , they 're pretty straightfoward - walk forward and kill all the bad guys you see ! how hard is that ! ? halo is an awesome game but it 's really not hard to figure out what to do ! i mean you 'd have to be a complete moron not to know what to do or where to go . it tells you more than once what to do during the game - you got that extrememly annoying cortana yacking in your ear pretty much non-stop , tellin ' ya what to do . but anyway i 'm done ranting at you wusses
dvd pos 256.txt hilarious from beginning to end ! dr. pearl er eugene levy , will you marry me ? ? ? ?
books pos 748.txt this was an astounding book about an even more astounding woman , rachel shilsky , a.k.a ruth mcbride jordan . written by one of her 12 children , james , this book is both biography ( mother ) and autobiography ( child ) . a polish jew ( white ) who fled her oppressive surroundings in backwater virginia , ruth met and married two different black men and managed to raise 12 children in some extremely difficult circumstances in harlem , new york . not only did she start a baptist church with her husband , she coped with a regular dose of racism , some significant poverty and still managed to send 12 children to school ( all of whom became professionals , and productive citizens ) . the book is written by the son , but the voice of the mother is registered throughout ( in italic print ) . she evades all queries about her background , her family , in fact any of her history , and it is not until much later that the son uncovers her history ( abusive father , crippled mother ) and the reader is even more impressed with the fortitude and will that it must have taken this woman to make her own life in a community that was not of her economic , racial , or religious experience . although the book is ostensibly about this man 's childhood and his remarkable mother , it is also a fascinating glimpse of racism , religion and social exclusion in the black communities in new york in the 1960s . each of ruth 's children experienced a certain unease about their racially ` different ' mother and yet each became aware of who they were and what they were about . this book is just a marvelous read . full of funny and sad tales of a rather unique family life , mcbride 's work is a tribute to his extraordinary mother .
music pos 274.txt good singing and good production must i say anything else ? .....no get this if you love mixtures of good uptempo and slow rn
software pos 331.txt great product , has more features then just cd / dvd burning , system backup , numerous audio recording , editing features , lightscribe and it 's also vista compatible . the only downside is it 's learning curve some features and options are complex , but once mastered you will be more then pleased with this product .
dvd neg 661.txt i have several kathy smith videos this is the absolute worse ! i agree with some of the other reviewers that kathy has not rhythm and in this video the steps do not match the beat of the music which makes it frustrating and makes her look very uncoordinated . also , it seems like there a too many people in such a small space , the whole set looks very chaotic . i wonder if kathy thought up the choreography for this one herself , it is very poor . all those crazy shuffle moves ! any other kathy smith workout will be better for you than this one .
books pos 623.txt i came across this book while on vacation in a cabin in minnesota . i read the entire thing in two days , and loved it so much i considered taking it with me ! this was back before the internet , and it took me nine years to find a copy of it that i could buy . it was worth the wait . these are some of the best short stories i 've ever read . they are very well written , original , and gripping tales that are fun to read and reread . if only there were more writers like mr. ellin
camera pos 489.txt wow..okay so i was thinking this was a screen about the size of a smaller camera because i didnt read the dimensions before i bought it here on amazon so i was a little disappointed in the size . this is about half the size of an ipod mini . it is by no means big . read the dimesions well before you purchase . the photos are really good quality and clear ..just small lol .
health neg 124.txt i bought this item and returned it after it stopped working after two days . the massages were not that strong and i feel it was not a good buy even though the price at amazon was way lower than most places . i have since bought another product and it is much nicer
music neg 104.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya
camera neg 337.txt i have had both the s5000 and the s5100 i was disapointed when my s5000 power switch stopped working after 18 months , but i was happy with the picture quality . i replaced it with the s5100 , it has a slightly better feature set over the s5000 ( in particular shutter speed choices ) while on a trip to niagara falls , i was unfortunate to give my camera a slight jolt ( and i mean slight ) after that it would n't power up . i am now looking for something a liitle more robust and reliable .
health pos 802.txt these glasses are a great idea . however , they do not work with long hair . the back " strap " of the glasses has to ride high up on the back of the head for the lenses to rest low on the nose ( so you can see over them for distance ) . long hair lays on the back of the glasses and pushes them down in the back , making the front of the glasses pop up and placing the lenses right in front of the eyes . i guess most people who need reading glasses do n't have long hair
camera pos 660.txt i was looking to expand my lens collection without breaking my budget and found this 50mm to be an excellent first choice . i love being able to shoot in low light situations which this lens has allowed for me to do . however , the auto-focus leave a lot to be desired as far as speed and accuracy goes . i 've found leaving it in manual focus allows me to get more shots faster , at least in low light .
software pos 1000.txt i have used quicken for over 12 years . whenever i got a new version , it always worked for me . but , it has too many things on it that i do n't need . i like to keep it more simple for me , so i just use the register , reconcile , reports , and lists-catagories . for all i use it for , i am happy with it
dvd neg 737.txt ridiculous plot , one dimensional cardboard-like acting ( especially leon lai 's rigid dead-like-fish-out-of-water performance ) , incoherent dialogs , horrible editing and directing , every thing is so bad if compares it to the first one . the second one has already turned bad but not as bad as this 3rd increment . the screen writers were obsessed with abnormal twists of the plots and tried to twist every section of the scenario to the extreme but unfortunately almost messed up the logic flow of a storyline . nothing deep but shallow all the way . just like a magician overplayed his black magic and suddenly found himself exposed completed without white gloves , long sleeves , and black cloak , even the white pigeons turned out to be dead . nothing could be hidden up in his sleeves or the tall hat . nothing at all . curtain call , drop it sooner than later .
health pos 347.txt they are a nice compact size for travel . they work as advertised , just expect to let them heat up longer than the stated " quick curl " time
health pos 551.txt i have to write a review for the below review ( the one i have in quotes ) . the below reviewer states this is 170 watts and you need 1875 watts . i nearly fell off my seat ! not only by the review but by how many people recommended it ! first , 100 watts is average for a hair straighter . 170 watts is excellent ! 1875 would melt your hair ! i did not think it was fair that this person rated the item without having knowledge on wattage . " this straightener only has 170 watts of heating power . that is not a very good number ! if you want salon-straight hair you need a ceramic straightener with 1875 watts.. . especially if you have thick or very frizzy hair !
music pos 440.txt the best of taste compiles material from their 4 official albums released from 1969-72. the albums consisted of two studio albums & quot ; taste&quot ; , & quot ; on the boards , and the two live albums & quot ; live taste&quot ; , and & quot ; live at the isle of wight&quot ; . this band was a power trio led by rory gallagher before he disbanded the group to embark on a successful solo career . the band led by gallagher on vocals , guitar ( electric , acoustic , & amp ; slide ) , harmonica , and alto sax specialized in hard hitting blues rock . the music has much in common with cream . however , the richard mccracken and john wilson could not compete with the stellar musicianship of jack bruce and ginger baker . the undervalued gallagher is an unsung guitar hero whose work compares favorably with that of eric clapton . like cream the band favored extended versions of tunes like & quot ; sugar mama&quot ; and & quot ; i feel good&quot ; included here . the music included here is varied . it ranges from the slow gut wrenching version of & quot ; catfish&quot ; to the more acoustic cover of & quot ; leavin ' blues&quot ; . the cuts from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; become more jazzy at times . tracks like & quot ; on the boards&quot ; and & quot ; it 's happenened before , it 'll happen again&quot ; highlight the band 's more improvisational approach . hard hitting tracks like & quot ; eat my words&quot ; spotlight gallagher 's outstanding slide technique . two cuts i miss from this period which are not included here are & quot ; dual carriageway pain&quot ; from & quot ; taste , and & quot ; morning sun&quot ; from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; . the live concert favorite & quot ; sinner boy&quot ; provides a bridge to gallagher 's solo career as the studio version was included on his first solo album & quot ; rory gallagher&quot ; . this anthology provides a great overview of the early work of irish blues-rock guitar hero rory gallagher and his battered stratocaster . it is even more essential as the four original albums are only available as imports
software neg 652.txt ordered version 1.06 , but was sent v . 1.05. lavasoft website will upgrade the old version if i send them my order number . however they will not accept an amazon number . amazon customer support said sorry , that they would accept a return and provide a refund.i will be more careful where i buy software in the future
camera neg 152.txt i had my sony dsc w70 for just one month when the viewing screen suddenly cracked without being dropped or hit . the glass itself was intact , but something underneath was clearly broken . mailed it in to the factory service company for sony , and i was informed 3 weeks later that it is not covered by warranty and will cost $181 to repair . this is 2 / 3 the cost of a new camera and does not make sense financially . i have a friend who had the same problem of a broken screen with the identical sony camera .
books pos 327.txt i dedicate this review to women all around the world of all colour , races , religions , nationality and creed.. . ( all women are equal , in my eyes....nigel. . ) in this remarkable novel , sk makes his debut.an unlikely but good book.it has a good dose of horror / suspense and it is one of the best books i have ever read.. . it is simply about a teenager from maine , named carietta white ( carrie ) .from the beginning of the story we see who her mother ( margaret white ) takes advantage of her , making her feel stupid and left out.similiarly in school , carrie is always the " black sheep " , she has not friends and she is always picked upon.she is very unusual and strange , at least to most people , especially the ones in the book ( story ) . ( but i would say quite frankly that i did n't see here as anybody but a normal healthy teenage girl . ) at the beginning of the story we also see that carrie has her first period while taking a shower at school.she is laughed at and all the other girls throw toilet paper and tampons at her.this is her first big humiliation . ( i am a guy , i know not much about a period , so please forgive my use of the term openly ) anyway , back to the plot:carrie soon realizes that she is psychic.she starts to practice using her powers gradually.it seems as though she had the powers since birth , but the powers were dormant until puberty or at least she was unaware of it . so , so far we see this:a very unusual girl with psychic powers and a stupid mother . the story initially and mostly circulates around these facts but things get a little messy towards the middle and end . allow me.... . it is later revealed in the story that the psychic gift is sort of genetic.carrie 's mother explains alot of things , but she is still a bad mother . ( but i still ca n't hate carries 's mother , because most mothers are sort of protective over their children ) soon carrie gets her first friend sue.sue feels sorry for carrie and helps her to get a date for the prom . this date is tommy ross.. . meanwhile , one of the bad girls , chris , is unable to attend the prom.so , she sets up a nasty revenge against carrie.believe me when i tell you , chris is a very jealous girl and if she ca n't have something , no one else can , especially carrie . so chris arranges a trap for carrie . ( two buckets of pig blood ) she sets it up for the pig blood to fall on carrie 's and tommy 's head while at the prom.. . the plan eventually succeeds . tommy is badly injured . drenched in pig 's blood , carrie is laughed at , for the last time.she runs out of the building.she then remembers her psychic powers and decides to use it for revenge . she starts to close all the doors.she then turns on all the water sprinklers , wetting everyone . but with a combination of water and electricity ( from the appliances ) ....some were electrocuted . eventually a fire gets started.and things start to burn ! she walks toward her home , burning everything within a certain radius of her powers . when she reaches home her mother tries to kill her , telling her that she is the spawn of satan.she eventually uses her powers to stop her mothers ' heart beat , killing her . eventually ( this is the good part of the book ) , while carrie is walking on the streets ( going i do n't know where ) she seens chris and chris 's boyfriend driving towards her , to bounce her . carrie uses her powers to diverge to car , killing chris and her stupid boyfriend . sue eventually catches up with carrie.carrie does n't kill her because she realizes that it was n't sue 's falt but chris's . ( during the battle with her mother , carrie was stabbed , i forgot to mention it , sorry . ) so , now , talking with sue carrie eventually breathes her last breath and speaks her last words and just , dies . ( this is the sad part , i guarantee you that it would bring tears to your eyes , or maybe not ) but this book is definitely good , i recommend it with all my " psychic " powers . enjoy.............this review was written by nigel... .
software neg 560.txt i guess i 'm to dumb to purchase an item like this . i followed the instructions to the letter and it 's not working . i guess i should have read the small print . sent an e-mail to xitel for help and waiting for response . will re-rate later .
books neg 223.txt this story should have and could have been really good . it presents a great concept , but the story is just so poorly crafted . it is very sexist , the prose is stiff , and the plot is dull . i will concede that it was interesting at times ; it kept me reading , but i really did n't get much out of it . i can only praise heinlein for including the " intelligent conversation " which takes place after the press conference , where there is a great explantion on why the english language is so difficult to learn . the whole story is just very odd . do read it though . it 's a title to read if you wish to be considered " well read . " despite its faults , valentine michael smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten , just as we will never forget atticus from " to kill a mockingbird . "
books pos 58.txt this book turns the entire concept of intelligence inside out . seriously mind-blowing . excellent exercise in extended mental gymnastics . you wo n't be disappointed
music neg 882.txt this was the worst thing i 've ever heard , except maybe clap your hands say yeah . my cousin who has absolutely no musical taste introduced me to them and i hate them forever
camera pos 48.txt make sure to check the compatibility charts to verify that your lenses will work with this before buying it since only a handful of l series lenses are compatible . if you do already have one or more of these lenses though this is a nice addition . the af only works with lenses f / 4 and faster on most camera bodies . you do also give up a little image quality by putting this between your lens and camera body , but the extra reach is really nice
books neg 241.txt i 've read great reviews about this book so i finally bought it because i could not get it at my local library . never ever finished the book - it was god-awful . badly written , incoherent story - it jumped around - just plain bad. .
health pos 584.txt my husband and i love this thermometer for our own use - let alone the grandkids ! it 's fast , easy , and reliable . highly recommend it
dvd neg 543.txt mustic river is the worst eastwood movie ever well the acting is very good over all but the movie is very boring long and very disturbing it sucks
dvd pos 741.txt i found the film , " malice " to be a very intriguing and interesting murder mystery . sure , there are a lot of twist 's in the film , however , that is what i found to be very good about this film . especially the way these twist 's were done . there will be no spoilers in this review . the film begin 's with murders occuring in a small college town . andy safian ( bill pullman ) is a college dean who happens to be suspected of these killings . all circumstantial . moreover , he is having problems with his wife ( nicole kidman ) . something happens to her , and she blames andy for this . [to tell you would give away the film] it seems as if one of andy 's old school friends is now a practicing surgeon ( alec baldwin ) . therefore she decides to leave him and sues both the medical facility that caused her such grief , and the doctor ( balwin ) in particular who caused this grief to her . but there is more to the story than meets the eye . there are several stories going on at once . first , you have a serial killer , secondly you have a distraught wife ( kidman ) blaming her ex-husband and his doctor friend for what has happened to her . but there is more to her than the viewer suspect's . i will leave this to you to discover . the film is better than the reviews warrant . it is a very suspenseful film full of twists . recommended !
camera pos 804.txt looks exactly as the posted picture except the badge reads " panasonic " , not " lumix " . fits the camera perfectly . no extra room for memory cards , spare battery , charger , etc. it 's easier to insert the camera with both zippers down . the belt loop wo n't fit most belts . no straps . however , the camera 's strap is good enough . good protection
camera neg 41.txt the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself
books pos 469.txt when tom returns w / huck & jim from thier crazy escapeds in huckleberry finn , he 's the center of fame . but when it wears off tom begins to hanker for a new adventure . he found it , all right . trapped in a runaway balloon w / a mad sceintist who wants to commit a glorious suicide is n't my idea of a leisurely summer vacation , but it gets pretty funny
books pos 398.txt first off , i want to say that i can not believe the audacity some people have in the censure and harsh remarks towards this brilliant young man ! shame on you ! the book its self is great , great use of language , story and wonderful imagination . to be so rediculous as to pull this young man up on grammatical structure and lexical syntax is rediculous ! who cares ! talk about looking for somthing to criticize , this young man brought his dream to life and became a best selling author and even the man behind a full feature major motion picture ! ! ! gee wizz , most would have difficulty reading a novel and getting off their back side to hire a dvd let alone make the whole damn thing yourself happen ! help or no help , he made it work , he is a vital part in the chain and all props to you my friend ! ! !
health pos 114.txt doug ritter and his foundation , equipped to survive , has come up with a very economic method to equip yourself and your family with an emergency kit . it is small enough to carry unnoticed in a pocket , yet fully functional . although you can control the amount of certain items if you put together your own kit ( something of a rite of passage among the survivalists / emergency preparedness folk ) , i spent twice as much putting together a comparable kit . the military issue sparklite and tinder-quick , fox-40 whistle , and rescue flash signal mirror alone could cover the cost of the kit and they are all top notch gear . this pack is extremely high quality through and through , from choice of equipment to packing and instructions . i recommend looking at the ets website at the slideshow of how such a kit is put together and what doug ritter himself recommends that you add to the kit ( the pouch can hold a few more small items such as water purification tabs ) . the pocket survival pack is an amazing value . i 've purchased all of the items separately , and just the shipping or driving to pick up 3 or 4 of the items probably covers half the cost ! if you are lucky enough to get everything at one store , you 'd be hard pressed to get the entire kit as cheap as this . i know people who have purchased this kit to take the parts for their own self-built survival kits ! that 's how economical it is . plus , if you buy this psp , a portion of the proceeds goes to the ets non-profit group which gives free survival consulting to deployed troops and is actively involved in improving survival equipment and standards . in fact , doug ritter is the only consumer advocate working with the governing body on personal locator beacons used in marine , aviation , and remote travel . the kit itself comes in a waterproof container . i found it to be a bit tight when closing back up , but there is actually some room for more items . all components are of the highest quality . it 's lightweight and i never notice it in a pocket . with the recommended ets or similar keychain led flashlight and a good pocket folding knife , you have a complete survival kit that rivals ones costing $100+. these are cheap enough to get one for each car and any camping / hiking / marine / aviation gear you might have . i highly recommend this psp . i 'm not affiliated with ets , but i 've come to appreciate their no-nonsense advice and forums . and if this was a bad kit , i 'd still say so . i give it 5 stars , great value for the price and it really could save your life
dvd pos 76.txt i really enjoyed this film , basically the coen bros . homage to the film noir genre . ( i always thought the name was funny , since it 's french , and yet most of famous directors were german , like fritz lang , otto preminger , etc. : - ) ) . the sure hand of the brothers with this material is shown in how the film unfolds with the cool , unhurried , nonchalant pace of an experienced private eye or gumshoe doggedly stalking his prey . thornton is great in the lead as the reticent , phlegmatic barber , and if anything , he is even more convincing with hair than without- -even his hairpiece is 50s-ish . : - ) the whole cast does a fine job in their roles , and both gandolfini and shaloub have a couple of show-stealing scenes . i found the film 's climax a complete surprise , as the tables turn unexpectedly on the barber , for whom everything seems to be working out up till then . overall a great film and probably one of the coen bros . best . if you 're a coen bros . fan you wo n't find this one a disappointment .
health neg 42.txt i used this razor for a few months and was happy with everything except the price of the blades . i have always cut myself occasionally , but when i cut myself with the fusion power , i got this huge cut under my chin that eventually left a scar ! talk about sharp ! i went back to using it and then a month or so later i cut myself again and this one was even worse . you could almost see five lines of blood on the point of my chin . i tossed the fusion in the garbage , went back to the 3-blade , and wrote gillette an e-mail to complain , to which they did not respond . i 've read all 60 reviews before mine , and was surprised to see that no one else reported this problem . maybe it 's my shaving technique , but this thing is a weapon
camera pos 759.txt i have been shooting away for the last few weeks . the olympus 720 is a gem . i must have filled up my card 3-4 times so far . being new to the digital camera era , i am finding that it is not as hard as i thought it would be . shoot , pop the card into the card reader , copy to computer , upload to walmart 's photo service , and i have my prints mailed to my house in a few days . i am happy that everything was included with the kit . i would have never known what i needed and it basically has everything covered
health neg 957.txt i 've been using trimspa x32 for over a year and , with a decent diet and regular excersise , i 've lost over 40 pounds . the x32 formula has helped me maintain my weight with no side effects at all . i , too , decided to use trimspa energy because it was new and improved , but was sorely disappointed . the engergy formula is way too high powered ( 200mg caffeine per pill ) for me and has made me feel " sped-up " , sweaty , greasy and just plain gross . and that 's taking under the suggested dosage . i 'm sure that it will help drop the pounds for you...at the expense of dilated pupils , shaky hands and acting sketchy . i do n't think this pill should be legal and should come with stronger warnings . i 'm going back to the other formula tomorrow...that is if i can get to sleep !
software pos 279.txt i am not a computer geek or techie at all , most software and hardware changes always make me hold my breath and cross my fingers . i recently purchased the kaspersky anti virus based on the review of it in consumers reports . it installed easily , updates automatically and frequently . very satisfied with it .
books neg 441.txt i thought that she was going to explain to you how to invest in rental properties without going into deep debt for yourself . however , the truth is you need money to invest in real estate . so , there 's really no way around it , which made her book redundant . she just gave examples of 3 people with 3 different investment strategies . in the end , the one with the most number of rental properties ended up with the largest profit growth . i really did not find the book useful for someone looking to invest in rental properties .
camera pos 19.txt this , in my very humble opinion , is the most useful , the sharpest , and just about anything else good you can think of say , best wide angle lense ever produced by anybody , anytime , anywhere . lightning fast and that 's what you want when the light is low . my gal pal sara and i have often wandered the caribbean islands in the dawn 's early light , as she is into shooting old homes . she particularly likes the gingerbread homes in marigot , on the french side of st. martin . i swear she must have them all on her hard drive . it 's like an obsession with her and this lens aids her passion , feeds into her manic desire to try and control the light . she just loves it and since i love her , i gotta love it too . seriously though , i 've used the lense quite a bit myself and it 's a keeper if ever there was one . you just go wrong with a canon " l " lense , no siree . jack priest , sailor home from the se
books pos 390.txt polanyi sets forth an incredibly relevant , radical , and all too plausible theory in this book . going beyond a mere analysis of how the market system functions , polanyi endeavors to answer the question as to how the market came about . polanyi 's answer will not be pleasing to libertarians , he argues that a free land and labor market can only come about through government intervention , and must be sustained through further intervention . he also argues that the market ransforms the nature of social relations . usually , economic relations were a result of social relations , under the market , it is the latter . polanyi attempts to show how a market for land and labor came about in britain . his argument that government " enclosures " created it through dislodging the poor and turning their land into sources of economic production is convincing . however , other arguments polanyi advances simply demonstrate a central government repealing the interventions of subaltern governments . polanyi 's argument that there was no " rent-seeking " ( he does n't use that term ) involved in the enactment of state intervion in the economy ( " proving " that this intervention was objectively necessary is suspect . one 19th century investigators conclusions do n't serve to overturn the implications of public choice theory . the greatest problem with this book is that polanyi does n't do too much to back up his arguments . he fortunately has a section called " notes and sources " where he lists his research material , but i 'd wager that most of this is difficult to find 60 years later
software neg 204.txt my boss asked me to get this , so that he check out the latin portion of it . what a waste ! the only latin on this cd is *latin* american spanish . the interface was underwhelming . i needed to guess at what did what , because the controls are mostly icons . what 's worse , there is no menu bar at the top to help take the guess work out of using the program . apparently though , the manufacturer did throw in an extra *not* listed on the back . if you are learning the differences between us and uk english , its there ! i gave this one star , only because i could n't give it no stars
software pos 230.txt good for those looking for a vector collection . not so good for those looking for photo clip art , as photos are " high-res " at 200 dpi . i suppose the photos are useful to an extent , but the usefulness is limited by size . i was looking for vector art , so i am satisfied
books pos 846.txt i felt that the book was basically the same as the previous edition , with the exception of aromatherapy , and electric filing . unfortionatly no one book can give all of the information that is required about a subject . that is what teaching is all about . i generally supplement the material from other books , and florida law so our students stay on the right path . over all i would have to say that this book was above average , and addressed many of the changes in the industry to date
health pos 279.txt i bought this product because i had one from years ago that i use when i go to the gym but lost . it 's great at drying me off while i 'm working out and yet the towel is n't wet . i am conflicted though . i bought this one when i lost the one i already had . it 's a bit thinner and not the same deminsion as the original , but i still like it for what it does . i also like the little bag that it comes in , which i did n't have with the original one
music pos 705.txt i ca n't say enough how great this album is . grant green was one of the most soulful jazz guitarists who ever graced the planet . his soloing on this cd is filled with beautiful melodicism matched with a bluesy grit that is such a pleasure to listen to . and for me as a guitarist it has been an encyclopedia of how to play blues from a jazz perspective . my favorites are & quot ; miss ann 's tempo&quot ; and & quot ; blues for willarene&quot ; . it is such a shame that he died so young and never collected his just due
dvd neg 910.txt is a bad sequel and have a poor quality of special effects
software neg 21.txt acrobat 5 was so buggy that i thought i 'd give adobe a couple of product cycles before upgrading . should have waited longer . there have been improvements in v7 : a better look , better commenting , the ability to add text that actually prints , and far better ocr functionality . but other basic functions are way worse than in v5 : some word documents that were easy to convert to pdf in v5 will not convert in v7 , seems to be something to do with font license issues . installation is a nightmare and repeated re-installation was required to get past system hangs , clashes with standard security software , and endless errors in the automatic update feature . the new product activation makes this even more of a pain because too many re-installations force you to activate by phone . despite my already low expectations of adobe , this product is a disappointment . with acrobat 7 , adobe is , as usual , charging top $ for what any decent company would consider an embarrassing mess even as a beta version . ( for reference , my system is window xp pro , pentium 4 3ghz , 2.5gb ram )
books neg 490.txt i read this book after watching the brilliant movie version of " the hours . " if that 's your motivation , do n't waste your time . my english teachers will cringe when i say it , but this book , well , sucks . it may well be great literature , but the characters are not engaging , and if it was woolf 's motive to out-do james joyce in chronicling a day-in-the-life and in writing a stream of conscious narrative , she does n't pull it off . again , the characters and the internal mental life simply do n't have the power that " ulysses " has . reading woolf is necessary for a good eduction . i recommend , however , that you read " to the lighthouse " . i may still be motivated to read the book version of " the hours " given how great the movie was . but my taste for woolf is all done now .
health pos 244.txt it is a great product and makes my husband 's face as smooth as a baby 's you know........................... .
camera neg 982.txt i agree with the many other users who have experienced the " condensation , operation paused " defect on their jvc gr-xxxx . despite numerous others reporting this problem , jvc says its not a recognized problem . i would disagree - it is a recognized problem , but its your problem , not theirs .
health neg 313.txt this thing did not survive the unpacking , inserted the battery put the housing back and bent a plastic doohicky in the inside . not worth it
health neg 972.txt nothing but problems with unit since i received it . either it did not work when i went to use it or it had lost its memory and had to be recalibrated all over again . never had the same weight reading twice ! the only reason i rated it with 1 star is because it would not let me enter anything less
books neg 186.txt this has to be one of the worst written books i ever read . i ca n't believe there are so many ways to say the same thing . so far , danielle steel has found a way in the first third of this book . i just ca n't read the rest of it . generally , if a book is n't very good i can suffer through . this one has gotten on my last nerve . i had stopped reading her books because they had become so predictable . but , i do n't think i will be reading anymore of her books . it 's an insult to nora roberts and sandra brown for her to be ranked with them
camera neg 132.txt last march ( 2002 ) i bought this camera and it was wonderful , although it was " refurbished " by canon it worked perfectly . i bought also a new battery and a 48mb compactflash memory card and everything was working fine . 6 months later the camera had electrical problems and warranty had expired . now the cost to fix this problem is far bigger than to buy a new camera because warranty period for " refurbished " items is less than 6 months
music pos 266.txt i just want to say that this record blows my mind ! only the japanese could come up with this musical hybrid that defies definition . only miss minekawa could inject such beautiful innocence into this thrilling aural rollercoaster of breaks , samples , and guitars . cornelius and dj me dj you are brilliant
books neg 502.txt this book sucked because its like an autobiography of some idiot who knew nothing about what he was doing...his book is mostly life-stories...and stupid ones at that...some teeter the line of racism , he emphasizes attempting to hex some evil " fat black woman " and he demonizes some other young brothers later on in the book , i see most of the reviewers overlooked the fact that this guy was kind of out of line with his emphasis on " race " . and besides that , his 2 or 3 spells and such are old and tired...and there is no " self-initiation " for the type of voodoo he 's talking about.. . i am sorry but this book was a waste of time and money , i came away from this little book knowing not one single solitary grain of anything worth knowing . if you looking to learn about voodoo or vodun this book will not help . his title is also misleading because " voodoo " ussually refers to hoodoo and " vodun " ussually refers to the religion but this author isnt talking about either one....he 's just running his mouth on and on and on as if his life-experiences are even worth tellin . this book is a great example to why people of a foriegn back-ground to african based religions should not write books about it as if they could really know but so much.....this was a terrible book that this sorry author made about a system he obviously knows nothing about
camera neg 293.txt after three weeks the batteries fails . i buy a knew one in walmart , and less expensive
health neg 567.txt we recently bought the same model dispenser , but in the satin finish . from the first , only two of the three chambers were usable because the pumps did n't work ( yes , we followed the instructions carefully ) . two months later , another pump has given out so only one chamber is usable . instead of this loser , try " the dispenser 71450 classic iv . " we had one of these for years with never a problem and replaced it only because it was beginning to show its age . it 's harder to fill than the aviva and not as pretty , but so what - - it works , and the aviva doesn't .
health pos 73.txt great features ! probably the best pedometer out there for the money . the only reason i give 4 vice 5 stars , is that i think the one i bought for my mom ( same brand and model ) is slightly more accurate . a great way to track your fitness overall
books pos 393.txt a surprisingly tiny book . ( the picture in the upper-left corner is nearly actual size . ) after receiving it , i immediately looked up its dimensions in the description on this page . it says 4.7 x 3.3 x 0.6. i had not noticed that before i ordered it . the book seems much smaller than that . not that that is a problem ; it was just somewhat of a shock to find such a minuscule book when i opened the box . i believe it is intended to be carried with you in your pocket or glove box or the locket around your neck so you 'll have a chance to pick out a few choice topics of conversation before you enter a party or whatever . it certainly is not intended as bathroom reading . for one thing , the pages are much too small for emergency tp use . not that i am complaining , mind you . this is a gem of a book with over 200 interesting bits of trivia listed more or less alphabetically from " the amish " to " zero " . ( this is not to imply that the title of each page has much to do with the text , but who cares - the book is fun . ) each page has its stated " fact " and a follow-up paragraph to expound on the subject . also , there are a number of pages randomly strewn through the book with three " instant personalities " each - little tidbits of info about famous people . ( although , thomas jefferson got his own page , as did alfred hitchcock . ) and unlike another trivia book i purchased recently ( bla bla ) , the information here is actually correct . will and mangesh research their topics , not just publish un-provable " facts " gathered from the internet . use the contents with confidence .
dvd neg 106.txt i was greatly disappointed in this dvd . here 's why : 1. it 's basically 60 minutes of warming up 2. the level 3 ( advanced ) is not that hard . 3. the annoying " inhale , exhale " chant really makes it difficult to find my ' center . ' i just wanted to tell her shut up 4. i did n't break a sweat once . 5. i used it twice and never plan to use it again . i mean , c'mon , i do n't want to waste 1 hour of my day on something that wo n't get me results . i must say the only thing positive about this dvd is the landscape . in short , rent this from blockbuster or buy it used . do n't waste any more than 5 bucks on this . it 's not worth it .
camera pos 64.txt this is the first is lens that i 've owned . i had trouble justifying the extra expense but am now quite pleased that i took the step up . keep in mind that tis is an ef not ef-s lens . this makes its effective focal length about 45-215mm on my digital rebel . i love the zoom range ( great for shooting action shots of kids without getting in their faces ) and the ability to easily control the depth of field on my nature shots . just uploaded some of my recent shots with this lens under " share your own customer images " . pete leclair http : / / www.agentz.com / digitalimagesbyjpl
health neg 449.txt bought this hoping for a good amount of steam for facials and sinus problems. . hardly any steam comes out and there are too many little pieces and parts . not worth the $$ at all . i 'm back to boiling a large pot of water for steam
camera neg 471.txt this frame was purchased as a gift by a group of us for our babysitter . the idea was great but the frame wasn't . it was difficult to operate and the instructions were difficult to understand . she sent it back and bought one she loves from sam 's warehouse .
software neg 296.txt this software now constantly tries to get you to upgrade to a " better " package - the schedule c for small business . i used to like turbotax , but it has really gotten to be a pain . and finally , i spent two days trying to e-file , always getting a server busy message from intuit . this is after they got my credit card number and $34. to file the fed and state tax returns . so i had to hand assemble the return and make the trip to the post office . intuit lobbied the gov to let them keep this big $$$ plum , and then screwed it up . they had this same problem last year , and it is worse this year . time to call all our representatives and get e-file free from the irs . it saves the irs money , far more than it costs . why is intuit allowed to suck this much more from us after making big profits on the package
software pos 944.txt i own hallmark card studio 2006 , and this product is a different , interesting addition to greeting-card-making . it has lots of kinds of pictures , i.e. , aquatic mammals / fish , etc , for making " fun " children 's cards
dvd neg 375.txt love the movie , but the quality of the dvd put out by alpha video was so bad it was very difficult to watch . the sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up . if you do n't want to be disappointed and feel like you 've been ripped off , wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
health neg 704.txt the size is good but the second one we ordered leaked . the cap did not fit.. . the after taste is not so strong but very difficult to see the difference from an ordinary stainless steel container / warmer which costs only $6- $10 dollars in the market around . too pricy and the thin plastic cap does not match well with the product
books neg 351.txt i forced myself to finish this book before i reviewed it , and being through with it now , i feel as though i 've learned very little . i had so many problems with this book , or rather the way of writing , mostly stemming from the completely pompous arrogance of the author , that this was a difficult read . in his defense , he is , in most things , very thorough . my main and overwhelming problem with this book was that the author was arrogant enough to believe that he could relay what leonardo was ( or as he sometimes put it & quot ; must have been&quot ; ) thinking or feeling . while i give mr. bramly credit as a man very much versed in his subject , in my opinion , that still gives him no right to use what i understood to be a faithful biography as a place to put forward his own views . since he himself stresses that leonardo 's famous notebooks contain little to no personal thoughts or feelings , he has no basis for those statements and they are only his overconfident postulations . in the instances that there is a controversy over some area of leonardo 's life , the author is very good about stating that there is a dispute regarding the matter , but only puts forward his own opinion , and his reasons why he believes what he does , without explaining the opposite side of the matter . in this manner , he forces his thoughts on the reader without leaving them any choice in the matter . sentences beginning with & quot ; i think&quot ; or & quot ; in my view&quot ; are not uncommon . he also makes certain assumptions about the reader , referring often to other artists ' works with the assumption that the reader is as knowledgeable as he is about them . also , he occasionally goes into great detail regarding a painting or drawing of leonardo 's , often drawing attention to coloring or texture , without ever showing it , though the book has many drawings and paintings throughout . the author is an undoubtedly intelligent , well-learned man , very erudite where leonardo da vinci is concerned , but entirely overbearing in his writing . overall , unless you are well versed in the renaissance artists and do n't mind being pulled out of a book by the author 's views , then i would highly suggest staying away from this one
music neg 638.txt bread8 , that 's one of the stupidest comments i 've ever read . you do n't know s*** about metal . you ca n't handle the intensity of real metal because you 're a fat virgin who 'd cry to your mommy if you heard godly metal songs like " immortal rites " and " pleasure to kill . " leave the metal to the metalheads you mallcore f@ggot . anyway , " dysfunction is better than staind 's other stuff , but only by a microscopic margin . aaron lewis is a weak , talentless crybaby whose bandmates could n't make a good song to save their lives . every song on here is full of bogus " pain " and " depression " coupled with abyssmal musicianship just like every other nu-metal band . if you want heavy music that 's accessible for the masses , go for rage against the machine ( except for " evil empire " ) , faith no more , helmet , living colour , and quicksand .
health pos 994.txt it arrived in 3 days and i used it for a week , and i still get some stray ingrowns once in a while but it is the only thing that worked this good this fast for me and trust me i tried everything in the book . a plus is my face is one even complexion when i had alot of dark spots which was a pleasant surprise
software neg 201.txt this program is average to below average in it 's abilities . that said , just hope you do n't need any roxio tech support . why ? because roxio 's support bites ! you cannot contact anyone online or by email for help ; whenever their dis-functional " web portal " [web-based support] system traps you in an endless loop . i needed an couple simples updates for a pc that is not allowed on the internet . it used to be you could download roxio 's patches from any pc having internet access . then burn patch[s] to a cd , or copy to floppy / jumpdrive . then " sneakernet " the patches to the pc needing them . no more . what happened today was that their webpage was apparently trying to download / patch a roxio product directly on my pc . [ezcd5 does n't exist on my pc]. instead of simply letting me download it somewhere , like to my hard drive , vs patchging it directly from their webpage to my pc , [which wo n't work in my case as i 'm not using roxio , nor have it installed on my pc] ; apparently the morons that did the roxio webpage coding make the download / patch process stop / end and proceed to send the customer back to roxio 's initial patch download page . when you need a patch , all these endless loops and support games are enough to get me looking for a different product / different company . if you want to minimize human contact with customers , fine . but let folks at least download the patches they need in order to keep their pc going . do n't hand over your customer support system [almost] completely to a web server . that ignorant arrangement works about as well as when companies try to save a few pennies and get rid of phone receptionists for customer service telephone calls . then they let customers wade through a 100 layer deep voicemail system to find the answer to a simple problem . it just does n't work . if a company wo n't provide access to patches , even after i have logged into their website with username and password , [so they know is accessing their patches] and they do n't offer any type of ftp site as a download backup option , then i sure as heck wo n't be buying anymore of their products . i see why roxio bought up cequadrat and other companies . [though i hate to see such quality companies be devoured like that]. when a competitor has a better product , why fight to improve your prodsuct 's quality / features , when you can buy the other company out . thank goodness nero is not under the roxio umbrella .
health pos 966.txt i got this bed topper a couple weeks ago to place on my older matress . it was pretty pungent , but it felt so good the first time i layed in it . after a couple days it appeared to lose it 's memory and start to dent and crease , but eventually it got back to full expansion . the customer service with this item was fantastic ! we 'll see how long the matress keeps up its memory
health pos 973.txt my 16-year-old daughter used this on problem acne on her back and shoulders with noticeable results by the second day - existing blemishes healed , no new break-out . she 's excited . no harsh benzoyl peroxide ( active ingredient is salicylic acid ) . the body scrub has the little exfoliating " beads " in it ( not mentioned on the bottle ) - so it makes skin feel smooth immediately . and the fragrance is very light , clean ( gender-neutral ) . also , it 's very concentrated , so it goes a long way - making it easily worth the money as far as any body wash goes ( and amazon 's price is better than the in-store price ) . of course , everyone is different when it comes to acne treatments - but it worked here .
dvd pos 160.txt eraserhead is filled with strange , uncanny scenes . what is it to be uncanny ? dictionary.com defines it as having or seeming to have a supernatural or inexplicable basis ; beyond the ordinary or normal ; mysterious ; arousing superstitious fear or dread ; uncomfortably strange . i would want to define it for this film as the quality of being familiar and strange at the same time . one has the sense of having never seen such weirdness and having vaguely remembered seeing it somewhere . the movie does not have a linear , logical storyline . it is a mood piece , for want of a better term . a visual poem , which depends on what the viewer brings to the interpretation as much as what appears on the screen . if you let your mind play among these images , it will begin to invent meaning for itself . you may be surprised and enlightened at what meanings you find in it . the cinematography is stunning , not beautiful in any traditional meaning of that term , but arresting : you simply cannot turn your head away . will you like it ? well , i think this is one of those movies you either love or hate . think of it as a rorshach - - how interesting you find it may just depend on how interesting you are
dvd pos 136.txt i am a dancer . i found the choreography in this movie beautiful , brillient and different . the emotion in it really touched me , and i had actually fallen out of dancing because of many different reasons and this movie really did bring me back to my love of dance . it 's very rare to find dance movie that will offer quite as much as this movie did . not to mention i absolutly adore george de la pena . awsome dancer and he was my favorite character in the movie . i love the fact that every character has something they are working through , no one is exactly perfect . to me , although the acting may not be what every one would call oscar quality , to me , it shows a glimps in to life . how pent up emotions can lead to frustrations that are some times difficult to get through . this movie , to me is well worth the watch . sorry for the ramble .
music neg 396.txt nothing like eon . eon is the one . this was a hack sequel with no guts . very dissapointing
software pos 382.txt if you have a mac , and are having difficulties with this dvd , here are some tips . are you opening it with preview ? if you just click on the icon on the disk , it will open in preview.. . but this will not work properly . you must use adobe reader to see the pages without the watermark . install adobe reader from the dvd . make an alias of adobe reader and put it in the dock . click and open the dvd icon . click and open the decade folder . do n't open the year folder.. . click and drag the pdf icon , ( such as ff_1960.pdf.. . i have the fantastic four dvd , so substitute whatever is appropriate ) , onto the reader alias in the dock to open . click on year . click on month . click on the magnifing glass icon to zoom to any size . i hope this is helpful
health neg 644.txt this product is a piece of garbage.when it works , it does what it is suppose to do . however , it worked for the first two weeks and then totally died on me.do not buy this product
books pos 794.txt this book covers all the elements of game theory , emphasizing intuition over mathematical formalism . the philosophical aspects are also given a thorough treatment . the 8 appendices provide a more formal exposition of several key concepts such as the minmax theorem , the geometry of equilibria and linear programming . the book has not changed much since its publication in 1957 , but it is by no means archaic . even for those who have a modern and more rigorous textbook , & quot ; games and decisions&quot ; is highly recommended as a supplement . there is something for everyone in it
software neg 690.txt this software is very hard to use . the help video goes too fast , the manual does n't cover everything and nothing is intuitive . i have used a lot of software and this is just not worth the money
health neg 629.txt i used huggies pullups with my older child and started using them with my younger one . when they came out with dora on the easy ups and our grocery store had a huge dora display , my daughter had to use dora not the pullups which have the disney princess design which she is not that into ( i personally think the disney princesses are not a good choice for potty training age 2-3 year olds , i would assume that dora would be picked by more children that age ) . first off the smallest size they have is big for the average 2-3 year old . they did have a size 2t but from what i have seen it has been discountined . i do n't know if it is because they are a little big or the quality they do leak . i have never had a huggies pullup leak on me but these easy have on a regular basis . the design definetly got my daughter not wanting diapers and on the road to potty training but the leakage did n't make it easy for me . i would never use these for overnight use , pullups absorb so much better in an overnight situation . now if pampaers could make a better product or huggies could make a better design then i would be happy
camera pos 806.txt i 'm like most people with a digital camera . i take a bazillion pictures , develop 10% onto paper , and then banish the other 90% to computer storage archives . i mean , i 'd love to display a lot more of those pictures from my computer , but who has the wall space or time to organize all of those prints ? that 's why i decided to get a digital picture frame . i had been looking for quite some time , but was always turned off by the small-ish lcd sizes or poor resolutions . then i came across this coby 10 " widescreen unit , with the 800x480 pixel display ! there were no reviews on amazon ( at the time ) , but spec-wise it had what i wanted ; a larger display and higher resolution . i took the chance and ordered one and am i glad i did ! the display is huge , and the pictures look crisp . colors are pretty accurate when compared to that of my calibrated lcd computer monitor . the interchangeable frames ( it comes with a black one as well as the white one ) make it easy to match with your dcor . the litte remote is easy to use , but easy to lose as well , so make sure you place it somewhere easy to find . the built-in mp3 player is a nice touch . the speakers are n't that great ( it is a picture frame after all ) , but it 's nice to have the frame play music while in slideshow mode . there is a variety of transition effects to choose from . i have n't tried playing videos on it , so i ca n't comment on that feature . that being said , there are a few things that prevent me from giving this 5 stars . 1. the adjustable stand is made of cheap feeling plastic . i 've seen other frames that have much nicer backs . yes , i know it 's the front you are looking at , but the stand should be sturdier , in my opinion . 2. the angle of the stand , while adjustable , is simply held in place by friction . it actually has one setting that it can click into , but then it is angled too much to view at a normal position . 3. there seems to be a software bug that causes the display to act weird in slideshow mode . well , to be more precise , if you are in slideshow mode and you choose either the fade , mask , or cross comb transition effects , then the very top horizontal pixel line starts to show black sections . it looks like dead pixels , but once you exit the slideshow ( or use other effects other than then ones i listed ) everything is fine . i have recreated this problem , but i do n't know if it 's just my frame or all of these . no biggie . i now use no transition effects it is perfect . 4. this is not really a complaint about the product but more about coby 's specs . on their website they state the lcd is 800x480. great ! so i ordered the frame and then resized a whole bunch of pictures to that resolution . however , when i got the frame and started using it , i noticed that all of my pictures had black ( blank ) bars on both the left and right sides of the picture . it turns out that the resolution is actually 860x480 ( which i found out after some trial-and-error ) . it would have been nice to know this ahead of time to save me from having to re-resize my pictures . plus , sizing pictures to 860x480 is a really weird ratio.. . kinda like getting 4x7 prints . i ordered this from total electronics ( one of the amazon vendors ) and it arrived quickly . when i reported the " dead pixel " problem ( which turned out to be a software bug , not a defect , so to speak ) , they responded to my email quickly and offered to take it back no questions asked . now that 's customer service ! overall , i am very pleased with this product . in reality , it rates 4.5 stars . i 'm the type of person that agonizes over something before finally buying it . with this purchase , that was totally unncessary !
books pos 570.txt this book provides fascinating details of what life was like for children in colonial america : how they played , what their education was like , what they wore , etc. the information is drawn from such primary sources as letters , journals and school primers . there are a number of pictures as well . i recommend it
health neg 934.txt i bought this press to do crafts . the dimensions i were given were completely wrong . i was told the product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 9.0 x 20.0 x 15.0 it really is barely 6 1 / 2 inches wide and a little over 12 inches long , 17 inces long at the angle . it was so small that i could maybe iron one sock at a time . also , the green light never came on after 1 hour of warming up and real waste of money and very misleading picture on the amazon website
music neg 134.txt the lack of someone lurking behind prince 's shoulder while in the recording studio and having the courage to tell him when he produces second rate nonsense has been missing since the departure of the fargnoli management team . this is a poor track incorporating biblical references that have little relevance or sense of genuine compassion to the katrina disaster . musically the lack of emotion conveyed by the unnecessarily complicated chord changes and irrelevant reference to sade also make the feel of this track disjointed . while prince fans will generally hype this track , the reality is that " 4 the tears in your eyes " this is n't and to add a charity track with an instrumental showing off your musical skills is just pure self indulgence and frankly crass . lets hope this is not an indication of the upcoming 3121.
camera neg 573.txt i bought this camera just under 12 months ago and recently the battery cover door would not stay closed . i sent it into nikon along with my proof of purchase and about a week later got a letter saying it would not be covered under warranty . the repair charge with shipping and tax would be $115.22. i am the only person that uses this camera and it was never dropped or abused . battery was only taken in and out maybe 4 or 6 times over the time i had it . for this reason i would never buy another nikon product again . next digital camera will charge without removing battery . camera takes great pictures , but ca n't do business with a firm that is very difficult to get ahold of and does not honor their warranty . bye bye nikon
books pos 607.txt if you 're only slightly interested in the ways the evolution works , then this is it . but beware to have some knowledge about the basics of evolution before moving on to this book . there 's a bit of a steep learning curve when you 're not all to familiair with darwin 's brilliant theory . it also gives a nice insight in the way scientists work
health neg 229.txt it does n't really smell like anything , and the heat creates dampness on what ever you put it on . but it is a good size and shape
camera pos 43.txt the case opens partially on the side to allow removal of the camera only . then after unclicking the fasteners you can unzip the rest of the case to allow for access to lenses . it makes it easy if you only want to remove the camera . you can swing the bag around while wearing it and pull the camera out without taking off the pack . my digital rebel xt fits with the canon battery grip and my macro lens attached , however it would not fit with my 200mm lens attached . my canon speedlight flash did not fit well in the lense section but fits perfectly in the separate section at the top portion of the bag . the lenses all fit nicely allowing for several lenses depending on the size of them . i bought a regular lowepro camera bag , but found that it was awkward to place the camera in with lens attached . this bag is designed to have the camera with a lens . if you search google images for the lowepro slingshot 200 you will see what i mean about the side unzipping to allow the camera removal .
camera neg 147.txt polarizing filters are used to eliminate glare on non-metallic surfaces like glass or water . they can also be used to increase the contrast and color saturation of your image . i use my polarizer not only to eliminate glare , but also to make skies a nice shade of blue or to get some " pop " out of clouds . there are so many options to consider when purchasing the polarizing filter for your needs . for instance , linear vs. circular , film or digital versions , or quality vs. price . if you are making use of a ttl or auto-focusing system , circular polarizers are designed to work with those features . linear polarizers has their uses , but they are manufactured differently and may not work . unless you are certain , just get a circular polarizing filter . there are some digital circular polarizers on the market . i am not sure what makes a cir-pl lens better for digital as opposed to film . i use a canon 20d digital slr and see no problems caused by using a supposed non-digital filter on a digital camera . most of the time , when it comes to filters ; you get what you pay for . does that mean you need an expensive polarizer ? of course not , just be sure to get the right filter for your needs . what ever polarizing filter you get , make sure it is color neutral to prevent unwanted tinting . spending more on a color balanced filter will save time in post . if you need multiple filter sizes , consider saving money by using step down rings . currently i use the hoya pro1 filters , as the canon polarizing filters i previously owned were without question bulkier and heavier . the weight might not seem like much , but when you stick all your items in a backpack all the extra bits of weight add up quickly . i can spend a good amount of time with my equipment on my back so this is a big concern for me . when it came down to the images , at times i would see a browning tint on my photos . the tint is easy to clean up in photoshop cs2 , but i do n't see that problem with the hoya pro1 filter . overall , i would recommend against the canon polarizing filters . i originally thought , " it is canon , it must be quality . " since then i have replaced all my canon filters . this filter works , but comes at a cost of disadvantages to other similarly priced filters . pros : can be used for film or digital cameras eliminates internal reflections and ghosting cons : bulky and heavy not neutral color balance
music pos 30.txt i would say that this is the closest that cheap trick ever got to making a perfect album . there are only two songs on here that i 'm not one hundred percent crazy about...the slow and gloomy depressing title track and ' on the radio ' , which i think kisses up to radio d.j. 's too much . i love the rest of this . this album was my introduction to cheap trick and i would definitely recommend it to anybody as introduction to them . ' surrender ' is an out and out classic and possibly my favorite cheap trick song of all time . like most of the rest of the album , it 's heavy , it 's catchy , has great singing and interesting lyrics , and it says all it has to say in three to five minutes . ' auf weidersehen ' is another favorite tune of mine...it may be one of the heaviest tunes c.t. has ever done . i particularly love bun e . 's energetic drumming on it . zander really rips his vocal chords to shreads on this tune ! another great hard rocker is ' stiff competition' . of the more pop oriented songs , i would say ' taking me back ' is another personal favorite of mine . probably should have been a hit , dang it ! ' how are you ' shows off the band 's terrific sense of humor...i particularly like the reference to one of their earlier songs ! the other tunes from the first half that i did n't mention are also terrific , particularly ' on top of the world ' . my only complaint about this newly remastered version is that it does n't include the lyrics , which were included on the original lp version . that is but a minor complaint . i do n't think cheap trick ever made another album quite as great as this one .
camera neg 259.txt i bought this camera in oct 2005. i brought it everywhere . loved it . in april 2006 , the lcd screen blew . canon replaced it with a refurbished camera . in march 2007 , the exact same thing happened to the screen and now they will only repair for $97.00 , as they have determined this is the result of impact damage . how they determine this is unclear to me , as it was not dropped or impacted...apparently , you will spend 100.00 / yr maintaining this camera . that , to me , is the hallmark of a faulty product . unfortunate - as i really loved this camera
music neg 855.txt while filled with talented performers , this cd sucks . rocky is a campy , 1970 's b-movie , that 's what makes it enjoyable . even as a stage show it 's a hokey , rock-and-roll extravaganza . this cd tries to turn rocky into thoroughly modern millie , and it just does n't work . the corny sci-fi sound and less than amazing vocals are just what make rocky..rocky . this cast has so much less enthusiasm and energy than the original roxy cast . and lastly , tim curry is frank . his rendition is too ingrained in my head for me to accept the twangy annoyance that is the frank on this album . ripley is a little too legit for janet , and the female eddie weirds me out . buy the roxy cast . it 's so superior it 's almost laughable .
camera neg 13.txt i bought this monopod about 3 weeks ago after reading the reviews here . i 'm not sure if i got a defective unit but i 've had these problems from the gitgo : -i noticed the 2 lower sections will not open and close smoothly , they would get stuck about 2-3 inches from the lock and you 'd need force to expand / retract them . very interestingly , if the section right above the one i 'm trying to expand / retract is unlocked then the operation is smooth and flawless ! -the ballhead does not support my nikon d80 and lightest lens ( 18-55mm ) a less than 2 lbs combo , which is much lighter than the 4.4 lbs weight limit indicated in the specs . the camera just slumps in one direction or another regardless of how hard i try to make sure the ballhead is locked tightly . again , it might have been a defective unit , but i thought i 'd point my observations out anyway . i wanted to buy this from amazon , it was n't in stock , it was sitting in my shopping cart and when it became available amazon bumped the price to $40+ , so i went elsewhere and got it for $30.
camera neg 182.txt do n't buy this camera ! ! ! prone to " memory error " & e18 errors after warranty is up . cost min $150 plus shipping to fix . this camera was great until 23 months went by then i started mysteriously losing pictures due to file format errors . i switched memory cards and it happened again . then the " memory error " displayed after a month or so of losing pictures . now it does n't work at all . i called canon to see what type of service could be provided and if they would fix what appears to be a factory defect since so many people have reported this problem . minimum cost is $150 or i could upgrade to a refurb s500 for $199 w / 6 month warranty . they have to be kidding , $250 get me a new one . for what appears to be common problem i was expecting more from canon . guess i wo n't be buying another canon . google this " canon " memory error " e18 " and see for yourself that canon cameras have problems .
camera neg 394.txt i bought this camera because i 'm going to jamaica and i needed a camera , the video camera was a bonus . when i first tested it , it was during the night time , however in a well lit room , but i could n't see anything . i figured i could deal with that as long as it took good pictures during the day . when i stepped outside , which was very bright and sunny , all i could see on the screen was white . i tried all the settings and still encountered a white screen . the only time i actually saw anything on my screen was when i was inside during the day . i brought it back right away , thankfully i had bought it at wal-mart and they were happy to refund my money . i hope anyone reading this review will take my advice and not buy this video camera . i would have loved to give it zero stars if amazon gave that option
dvd pos 483.txt after i watched this sequel i realized it was not as good as the first but i did enjoy it .
health pos 129.txt i love this product . in combination with diet and exercise i have lost about 5 pounds , and i was n't heavy to begin with ( all i wanted to do was tone up ) . instead of taking the recommended dosage of 2 capsules twice a day , i am taking 1 twice a day . i figured i 'd take it slow before i get too jittery . but it definitely curbs my appetite . i literally eat half of my usual intake . it gives me energy without making me feel like i 'm wired and i have n't had any shaking hands . i only had headaches for the first 2 days i took this , but now they are completely gone . i will continue to take this even after i reach my goal weight . it 's a great product .
dvd neg 377.txt i ordered this dvd series because i liked kristy alleys performance in other movies and series . but this is totally different . a lot of bad language is used and a very adultrous lifestyle is promoted . after viewing two episodes i put it in the trash . watching this does not make me happy
dvd neg 760.txt i love a lot of b movie horror , but this not that great.i thought it would be better having gunner hanson in it , and gordon lewis , the story line was ok.the gore wasnt there , little sceens of it.again i thought there would be more ( shockorama ) anyways if your thinking about getting it , i would first rent it.see if you like it , i wouldnt waste your money on the full price dvd.the music score was cool for sure
camera pos 778.txt great tripod . we 're using it in a television studio w / sony vx-2000 cameras . they work great
health pos 230.txt these batteries work well . they do n't last as long as normal batteries , but the ability to recharge them makes them more than worth the additional costs . if you have kids with toys , these are a must
music neg 822.txt i like the music , but the sound quality is terrible . i bought this cd because it was released in 2003 , but there is zero improvement in sound quality from previous older tracks
health neg 848.txt the braun ls-5550 silk&soft bodyshave rechargeable cord / cordless women 's shaver is absolutely useless , not fit for purpose
books neg 649.txt was given this book as a freebie- -someone must be buying up copies . for an austinite , this adoring account of the life of a hasbeen fifth-string techno-celebrity is a little embarrassing in its breathlessness- -kind of reminds one of the courtiers who saluted when louis the xiv 's chamber pot was carried by , except this is n't the sun king , guys . get a life , or at least an authentic artist to swoon over- -all of garriott 's stuff was strictly derivative . now that we have the real lord of the rings to watch , who cares about cheap imitations
dvd pos 669.txt my sister and i loved this show growing up ( the huxtables reminded us of our extended family ! ) the episode where stevie wonder came on was our favorite and one of the best episodes ( in my opinion ) . ..i do question why in amazon 's list of actors at the top of the page ( for the season 2 set ) ...joseph c . philips is the only one listed . although he was a guest at one point he did not become a regular till much later . regardless , this is a great collection and a must for cosby fans .
music pos 829.txt this album grabbed my attention from the first measure . thick and heavy , this is not like any blues album i 've ever heard . very atypical for hidalgo as well . this one is probably an acquired taste - one for the truly hard core blues fan . the sheer uniqueness grabbed me from the start , and the more i listen to it , the more i like it . i can only hope there 's a houndog 2 in the works. .
software neg 95.txt in the last year i have tried this program , pc-cillin & four sharewares from cnet , and f-za the only one that does n't cause more problems than it solves . the others prevent me from doing wireless printing , slowdown the computer & generate false alarms
music pos 74.txt i was waiting in anticipation for this cd to arrive and was not disapointed . etta is the bes
health neg 839.txt i was very disappointed with this product . not only did it come in a foreign ( chinese ) box , it does n't work well at all . the " powder " that was included actually made it worse . if i were you , i would keep searching
software neg 316.txt it 's just too complex compared to print shop 21 and as far as i can tell it has very few added features . ray gawronsk
dvd neg 427.txt i 'm not going to comment on the episodes because almost all of them can be found on the season 1 & 2 box sets , which is how you 're better off seeing them ( at least they 're in order and paired together with the proper companion episodes ) . instead i will be focusing on the bonus features . not the violent femmes music video , because that too can be found on the season 1 box set , but on the cast and crew interviews that make up the rest of the bonus features . i love the interviews and the " in studio " voice recording re-enactments , but i *hate* how every piece of this great footage is ruined because someone thought it would be a great idea to cover up almost the entire screen with a bubble graphic frame . you can only see the video through a small round part of the middle of your tv screen , and even then it is n't clear as there 's a bubble " shine " over it . i 'd love for paramount / nick to include all of the original , non-bubblefied footage on the season 3 box set , even though most of the episodes are for seasons 1 and 2
books pos 83.txt wow , wow , wow . get this book ! this has ( just about ) everything you need to be professional . the only thing i did n't like is that most of the resources listed were geared to nyc residents , but there was good direction as to how to locate similar services in your area . i especially liked the opening that deals with how artists are helping to perpetuate their own " starving artist " myth , and the ways to stop that . it made me realize that i am the one standing in the way of my own success ! well , no more- -thanks to caroll- -i am taking all of the steps listed . i wish my graduate school had this information available
camera pos 565.txt i was amazed on how well this battery has performed . i did make sure when i got it i did a complete charge and complete discharge and it has not let me down since . i can shoot well over two hours without needing to change to the very meek battery that came with my camcorder ( sony hdr-hc1 ) . it is thicker and sticks off the back a little bit more so you can not get your eye up to the eyepiece but i use the lcd when shooting anyway , and almost always on tripod
books pos 2.txt i am ordering copies for all 23 middle school principals and the two assistant principals leading two middle school programs in the milwaukee public schools system . we will use wheatley 's book as the primary resource for our professional growth at our mps middle school principals collaborative institute august 9-11 , 1999. we are not just concerned with reform ; we seek renewal as well . wheatley provides the basis . she notes that einstein said that a problem cannot be solved from the same consciousness that created it . the entire book is a marvelous exploration of this philosophy
dvd pos 234.txt based on the bestselling novels by michael and jeff shaara , " gods and generals " and " gettysburg " ( based on the elder shaara 's " the killer angels " ) are the most excting and emotional civil war epics ever filmed . the battle scenes are the most exciting and realistic civil war battle sequences ever put on screen . the acting is phenomenal , with the likes of jeff daniels , stephen lang , tom berenger , robert duvall , bruce boxleitner , martin sheen , richard jordan , sam elliott and mira sorvino , but to name a few of the fine actors and actresses in these two movies . director ronald f . maxwell has created a masterpiece with his first two films , giving rise to the hope that the last film , " the last full measure , " will complete what will hopefully be the best civil war trilogy ever made ! " gods and generals " movie / dvd grade : a+ " gettysburg " movie / dvd grade : a+ overall grade : a+
dvd pos 544.txt this one is an old favorite of mine , which i pre-ordered on dvd the instant i learned it was available . i have an old vhs recording of the film , which i have viewed many times . i have also read the book many times , and i consider it to be conroy 's best work . this is the story of four young men at carolina military institute , a fictional military academy located in south carolina , which is of course a pseudonym for the citadel , which is a fine military academy that really does exist . the film is set in the 1960s . the first black cadet ( first year cadets are called " knobs " at the institute ) has just arrived . a secret society within the institute , known as " the ten " has pledged that no black will ever graduate from the institute , regardless of ability . david keith turns in his customary excellent performance as the black cadet 's designated mentor . the plot moves at a fast pace , but nevertheless does not feel rushed . purists have criticized the fact that the film leaves out many sub-plots contained in the novel . i feel that the movie made the right choices about what to keep and what to delete , and of course these choices had to be made unless this was to be a 12 hour miniseries . i liked the script , the acting , and the ending . this is a wonderful film . it is the type of film that most viewers will watch periodically over the years , and i am delighted that it will shortly be available on dvd .
camera pos 306.txt it 's a 72mm lens hood , no vigneting , works great . a must for using ef28-135 outdoors
dvd pos 555.txt the magnificent frame employment , accent even more the claustrophobic atmosphere about a man in an unnamed country , arrested for an unexplained crime he is never told about . the unbearable tension joins with bureaucratic struggle to involve us in a nightmare of uncalculated magnitude . anthony perkins ' emotive memory after psycho fit with adjusted accuracy . a magnificent cast headed by jeanne moreau , akim tamirof , elsa martinelli and welles too . a fundamental icon of the cinematography . footnote : it should be known that a special request of welles around a documental that included at least some shots of the atomic bomb were totally denied to him . something similar happened with kubrick when he asked for flight sequences of the b-52 in dr. strangelove .
music pos 950.txt you wo n't stop bobbin yo head until its over . i bought this when it first came out and we still bump this at every party we go to and everyone is happy to hear it , cougnut is easily as good as biggie ever was , he just never got the exposure that biggie did
music neg 441.txt i loved shedaisy 's first album the whole shebang . and i also really enjoy their christmas albumn . they have beautiful voices and i love the three part harmonies they come up with . i was very excited to get their newest album but i was sure dissapointed . this is a very dark and depressing album . almost every song is about lost love . also , all the songs but 1 are slow . where is the upbeat shedaisy i fell in love with ? ? ? i would suggest passing this one up and instead just listening to the whole shebang again . still , i look forward to what the future may bring from them . these sisters have alot of talent
books pos 717.txt this full complement of these classic right hand exercises is found in scott tennant 's & quot ; pumping nylon&quot ; , which also provides an appropriate context in which to use giuliani 's studies. .
dvd pos 35.txt great movie and the movie a family can set and enjoy and not worry about the next word or scene may hold
books neg 894.txt unfortunately there are not much words to loose . poor writing together with the fact that practically all facts were lifted from cameron 's ' conversation with wilder ' which is highly recommended btw , make this book forgettable . why going through the whole exercise of publishing it is quite a mystery
health neg 578.txt i cannot address the value of buying products from this manufacturer ; that 's for you to decide . however , this product performs noticably worse than its earth-unfriendly alternatives . clothes come out greyish and stains are not as well removed as with tide , the other one i use . but the decision is yours
software pos 297.txt i was a little leary about purchasing this product , having never tried anything like it before and being fairly new to the computer world . i was delighted to find how easily the toast 8 system worked for me . the owner 's manual is very specific , and while i am still discovering all the capabilities of this software , i have found it to be extremely useful . i recommend this product very highly
camera pos 455.txt the canon underwater housings are designed to protect your camera from the elements , whether they are sand , rain , pool , or ocean . for use on the beach , while snorkeling , or taking shots of your kids in a pool there is little or no need to worry about the buoyancy of your camera housing . if you free dive or scuba dive you do not want your camera housing floating out of your hands . these weights are an easy way to adjust the buoyancy of your housing . the kit comes with four weight plates so you can fine tune your housing 's buoyancy . i prefer a heavier setup and have added an extra plate compared to what was recommended by canon . i 'm very happy with the setup and they are very easy to use .
camera neg 229.txt up to you , but i would buy a generic branded battery of the same type ( lithium bp522 ) . i bought a generic battery and it works just as well - - saved me $50
software neg 279.txt nsw 2007 ( or 2006 ) premiere is useless when it comes to vista...and considering it comes pre-packaged with every pc known to man ( desktop or laptop ) this is unforgiveable . norton av has an update but that is a far cry from the ~$100 price of systemworks that must be uninstalled according to ms vista . maybe with the 2008 version truth be known , system works has saved my azz a number of time since the 2003 version but now it is useless
software neg 551.txt it is probably too late to save anyone from this software but i had to say something about it to someone . there is apparently no way to tell taxcut about it . i have been using taxcut for several years now after switching from turbotax because of the issue of them installing spyware . i was happy with taxcut until this year . it is defective . i ca n't even believe it is n't in the news . my taxcut program is missing the " wages " entry on the schedule c form . it would have been a terrible loss if i had not caught it . i went to their website to get some help or a phone number and neither was available . i ca n't believe that i have the only taxcut software that is defective but i could n't find any reference to this problem anywhere . now i have to go through the whole tax form to make sure it did n't make any other mistakes ! i might as well have done my taxes the old fashioned way by hand .
books neg 484.txt i bought this recording with high hopes . what better complement to reading shakespeare than hearing him , right ? well , not with this recording . the cast is made up of & quot ; distinguished actors , & quot ; the insert proclaims , but it 's obvious that these actors have n't done shakespeare since they were in junior high school . nor have they improved since then : none of the actors has any feel for the shakespearean line . the speaking is stiff and mechanical , and half the time it sounds like a monty python farce ! when there are no visual effects to distract us , low-quality acting really sticks out . for audio recordings , you need the best voices . too bad arkangel did n't realize this . my advice ? grind up these cds and use them to fertilize your nasturtiums
music neg 919.txt almost 10 years later.. . and i am still waiting for the punchline . i think this is the most properly named album of all time.. . as the easiest summation is : it lacks any punch and keeps you waiting for something that never comes ! its terrible , especially when contrasted with pornograffitti . gone are the great guitar tone , riffing , rhythm , power , and groove that marked most of the prior three albums . it 's what the forth side to " iii sides to every story " could have been.. . " yours , mine , the truth , and the suck " . the songs are lackluster , but its really the guitar sound that kills this album album . " no respect " , surprisingly , by name , is the only song worth any respect and the only song near upbeat on the album . " waiting for the punchline " still remains in my top 5 worst albums of all time.. . i dont write negative reviews unless a cd is really bad in general or really bad compared to the bands other work . in this case , it fits both.. . its bad for extreme.. . and stands up as exceptionally bad among all other bands ' albums as well . conversely , in my opinion , iii sides and pornograffitti are 4 and 5 star albums , respectively
music pos 543.txt in august 1969 five session singers were invited to form a new session group . main singer was tony burrows of ivy league and flowerpot men fame . the first success came with the second single united we stand . this cd collects together the three us hits of the session group plus the only us hit of the group that was the face of the session group in concert during 1971-1973 and that would become the second outfit of the group , the eurovision winning song save your kisses for me . the rest of the songs are a mix of songs from this second outfit 1974-1980. this outfit is still on tour at the end of the centur
health pos 531.txt i received this for christmas from my amazon wishlist . i wanted to give it a couple of months of use before reviewing . i was a long time user of norelco shavers , but switched to a blade since i could n't get a close enough shave . now that the whiskers are mostly gray , you ca n't tell for a few days if i shaved or not , so closeness is no longer an issue . i typically use this shaver in the shower , and have noticed that if you wash your face first , it takes more of the cool skin creme to give a smooth , close shave . just a hint , guys . for the most part this shaver does a good job of getting around the wrinkles , dimples and adam 's apple cleanly with very little drag . my only complaint is that the trimmer head is a separate attachment and that makes it difficult to trim the ' stash & sideburns while showering . small complaint that does n't remove any ratings stars . all in all a great shaver
dvd neg 48.txt someone wanted to make indiana jones part 4 , starring tom hanks and created a such puzzled labyrinth that i think the book author would n't be able to tell the whole story without looking into his notes . after watching this movie it leaves a bad taste in the mouth that you have vaisted 2 hours on nonsense . 5 stars for special effects
camera neg 660.txt if you want to load directly from your camera 's memory card the system takes forever to copy photos to the internal card . there is no " copy all " function . loading information from a computer did n't work . the usb connection was not recognized by windows xp and i could n't find any drivers on the web . a setup cd would be a nice addition . btw the screen was not as large as one might think . it is very wide but not tall and it crops the top & bottom of most pictures making it great for shots of the grand canyon but not for portraits of people
health neg 127.txt absolutely no power whatsoever . if you have true back or shoulder pain you are better off with a hand massage or standing under the shower . no power at all in this machine .
software pos 387.txt we bought it 1 month ago to help my almost 6 year 's old sun to learn how to play because i did n't know how to play and i could n't teach him . as a result of this purchase 1 ) my sun fall in love with chess and become so good player that i could n't imagine 2 ) i ( his mom ) learned how to play too . it is so much fun to learn it that i would recommend it to anybody . it worth it every penny i spent . i like everything about this game . kids will love it 100%.
music neg 837.txt phaeton 's son flew on wings of wax into sun crashed and burned instea
software pos 882.txt i think that this is a very good operating system , but it is far too overpriced ! a note to the person who has the issue with disk#4 of his setup disk set : try and get access to another computer and run diskcopy , if that does't work , then boot into ms-dos with a windows 98se bootdisk and select the cd-rom drive letter and then type " cd i386 " then type " winnt " then it will start the installation from the compact disc . i gave it 4 stars because i believe that they could sell a better operating system for that price
dvd pos 328.txt this is a great film with a bad guy that you root for from start to finish . action packed , and very smart . great cast too
software pos 957.txt i have used this software for about 4 weeks since posting my comment in reply to that review . having now had a chance to use the software , i can only say that i am almost 100% satisfied with it . some times , it 's nice to have a spanish dictionary when after a few lessons , you still ca n't quite grasp the concept of the word you 're being taught , but other than that.. . yes , it is repetitious . for those who want to learn another language , this is to be expected . no , it 's not a magic pill . however , in as little as three weeks i found myself largely able to understand what native speakers around me were talking about , even if my understanding of it was imperfect . repetition ( as they say ) is key , but even if it were not , dedication is absolutely required . you can only learn if you stick with the program , and even i have been rather lax about that much . still , i am wholly satisfied with my purchase . it is clear to me that the program is only as good as its user though , and i really ought to be more dedicated to following it
health neg 407.txt i really wanted to like this product after reading all their hype about how quick and easy it is . not . the motor in it heats up quickly and the thing stops working . you wait about 20 minutes for it to cool down and it will start up again . but by the time you are getting results in one area of your foot , the thing heats up and stops working again . i went through four intervals of effective operation , heat build-up causing it to quit , waiting a long time for it cool off before starting up again . finally i decided it is n't worth the time and aggravation , even though it produced good results during the intermittent periods when it worked . one more thing - - when i gave up and decided to return it , i took my duracell batteries out and they were blazingly hot . i worry that it might be possible for the batteries to explode from the hot-running motor . i 've never seen batteries get scalding hot like this . update : found something much better after returninng the artemis , i tried the medicool pedisenso professional pedicure appliance . this one costs 5 times the price of the artemis but is soooo much better it is well worth it . the medicool is plug-in electric and has much more power than the battery operated artemis . it has variable speeds , 5 different sapphire filing attachments , and enough power to operate as long as you need . the sapphire files are different shapes and sizes and should last a lifetime , whereas the artemis requires repeated purchases of its disposable filing heads and batteries . so over time the costs of owning the artemis will add up - - if the overly hot motor does not burn out . if you have serious callouses and corns , like i do , the medicool pedisenso will do a very serious , rewarding job . i 'm so glad i found it and i am grateful for the relief it provides
dvd neg 406.txt brainwashing is not a good way to educate young people about the world around them . this is a blatant effort to wrench young children 's emotions and therefore their perspectives about the eeeevil effects of " global warming " by engaging their sympathies . the only plot is brainwashing , using penguins as the straw man . the penguin world is factually well documented if one is interested in teaching children about them . as a responsible parent , i would avoid this entirely .
camera neg 245.txt i was super-excited to get this camera , and very disappointed with it once i did . the pictures are blurry far more often than not , even when resting the camera on a table or solid object . additionally , it 's so slow at taking them that any movement ( eyes blinking , etc ) likes like a massive blur . and the video skips all the time . it just misses entire parts . i would highly recommend not getting this camera .
books pos 187.txt i chanced upon this book quite by accident.i am a big fan of books which inspire.this may not be a book which is high on the literary quotient , the writing does get rambling and long winded quite a number of times.but whats truly awe inspiring is its straight up from the heart.its quite amazing that someone can go through so many emotions in a lifetime and actually make peace with all thats happened in a lifetime . this book will give you plenty to think about long after you are done with it
camera neg 84.txt i wear glasses and press against the viewfinder as hard as i can to help keep the shot stable ( i shoot birds at 700mm ) . the first thing my friend and i did was to compare two identical lenses / cameras etc. - one with , one without , the extender . result : - the image appeared the same size , and the extender slightly blurred the image . in other words - completely useless
music pos 260.txt kate is one of the most talented musicians on this earth . the dreaming was underrated when it was first released , but i think that has to do with the fact that it was way ahead of its time . this is a superb album , tracks like sat in your lap , suspended in gaffa , leave it open , night of the swallow , houdini , and get out of my house proving this point . there 's lots of anger on this album , as kate put it herself many years ago , and it is her " darkest " effort to date , but it 's pure brilliance ! buy it and be convinced.... .
camera pos 458.txt outstanding service . product as advertised . excellent packing job . arrived in record time . would buy again from this seller
camera neg 129.txt i bought this lens based on the super telephoto ability and low cost . you truly get what you pay for , and this thing is n't worth a plug nickel . i took a few shots on a tripod and could not believe how terrible this lens was @ 300mm ( 480mm on a digital rebel xt ) . incredibly soft . even stopped down , i would never want to make an enlargement from it . stay away . do n't believe the fools who are novices , you will be disappointed with this lens . you 're much better off to buy the older & used 100-300mm 5.6 ( the l version costs more too ) but both are so much better than this junker . you 're even more crazy if you think you can take decent photo 's with this lens handheld . having switched from nikon when switching to digital , i almost judged canon from this one lens , which i 'm glad i didn't . do n't waste your money or learn the hard way like i did . this lens also had terrible purple fringing , almost as bad as the kit 18-55mm . after extensive research and testing i now own and am happy with the following canon lenses : canon 10-22mm canon 28-105mm ( 3.5 version ) canon 100-300mm ( 5.6 non-l version ) i will sell for the l version when i can afford it . the kit 18-55mm makes usable shots , but when i could afford it , i sold it too . you will get better results buying a rebel xt and an older 100-300mm than you would with a brand new xti and this terrible 75-300mm lens .
camera neg 638.txt i ordered this tripod , and it arrived broken . the assembly to which a camera is attached is made out of plastic . i asked for an rma order via e-mail , and they only gave me an address to mail it back to with a ' copy of the invoice . ' being lazy about mailing things back , and since it was cheap to begin with i tried repair it myself . where it broke ( the three plastic rings on the camera mount ) , it was impossible to re-glue , because of the torsion placed on those rings with any sort of pressure . even if your tripod arrives un-broken , it will likely break the first time you drop it on the camera mount from any height at all .
software neg 914.txt i 've been using quicken for over a decade , and i have to admit it is critical to my personal financial management . but i had no reason to upgrade from quicken 2004 until intuit decided to " break " it and force the upgrade by crippling certain features . quicken 2007 for mac 's feature set is not significantly different from the 2004 version , much less 2005 or 2006 , and is certainly inferior to quicken for windows . that 's bad enough but quicken 2007 is also way less stable than my prior version ( i 'm using the r2 update ) . it crashes frequently . bottom line , intuit should be absolutely ashamed of themselves for putting this garbage on the market . i for one will never buy another one of their products and recommend the same for everyone else out there
music neg 144.txt can we say , " money making ploy ? " wow . i , like many others , have grown up with disney . perhaps i simply do not understand why kids of any age would listen to this garbage as opposed to the actual movie songs ? this is not like " kidz bop " or anything related to that which " kidifies " music - these are timeless movie classics that did not need to be redone - and as a further insult , they are poorly redone . i am very , very let down by these " disneymania " albums . :o (
dvd neg 325.txt after viewing the avengers with emma peel , which i do every evening after the dreadful news , enjoying repeats and repeats as well , with reluctance i played the hospital dvd . i thought it was terrible . the diagogue idiotic . i could not help but laugh when scott attacked diana . emma peel would have thrown him across the room . i had to play a few episodes of emma peel in the avengers series to cleanse me of this disappointing and terrible hospital dvd . the lovely diana rigg is a great actress and an extremely intelligent woman , and i was saddened that diana after all those wonderful and exciting avengers collection , with her unrivaled beauty and possessing the most beautiful voice and able to do her own stunts took on this dismal role in the hospital dvd . i see that this dvd was dated 1971 , this was only 4 years after her last avenger episodes dated 1967. in hospital , i believe she was 33 years old . oh well , i will cleanse myself of this hospital dvd and devote an eveningr to a few episodes of the avengers with the lovely diana rigg as emma peel . finall , john steed would have been shocked to see how emma reacted to george scott the doctor . can you imagdine if john steed appeared in the hospital dvd to collect diana rigg and ride off into the sunset as they do after an avenger episode . perhaps they will issue hospital 11 , and bringr in john steed and a few other great actors of that series . robert lyons reno , nevad
health neg 662.txt it didnt work as good as the teflon curling iron i had a couple years ago , it works just as good as a regular non-teflon curling iron
dvd neg 313.txt yes . wild things is what i recommend for our jaded eyes . are n't we sick of all the crowd pleasing pg-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot ? wild things is sex sex sex but with witty capital h humor and a twisted story . recent eye candy shows could learn a thing or two from this film . candy can remain sweet and sickening but a great script and a good cast ( from oscar nominee matt dillon , kevin bacon etc ) can turn candy into cuisine
camera neg 689.txt so this was my first digital camera , got it last july for my birthday . i go to a lot of concerts , so i needed a camera that could take pictures in not good light and take pics of moving subjects . well , two days after i got it , i was at a festivale watching my fav band perform and the the screen went white . it would still take pics , only you couldnt see them . after changing the batteries and turnign it off and on , it went back to normal . alarmed , i called samsung and they told me the couldnt do anythign until it was white again . it only did it a couple of times after that so i never called again . but that was only one thing wrong with it . this is a horrible camera for concerts , the pictures are always blurry . shoot , even when im at my house the pics still come out blurry sometimes . tuesday i went to see my fav band again , and the dumb thing goes white . it woudnt stop , no matter how many times i turned it off and on again . now the flash is broke and i 'm ready to throw it against the wall . you ca n't trust this camera . you never know when it will take good pics or bad pics.i wouldnt even consider buying this camera for a minute !
books neg 807.txt the author writes a book that does give you a mental workout while giving valuable insight into the theological / philosophical foundations of the emerging confession . there is value in that . i look forward to reading part two , the liturgical ideas section . the emerging church is keen on praxis , but the theological underpinings of this book in part one reminds me of past mistakes within christendom , which i had hoped we were past . here are some things that i am amazed do not occur to the others reviewing this book , which it might help to know : 1. rollins does not think it 's possible to really " know " much theology with " certainty . " in fact , to claim to have religious certainty is to hold an " idolatrous " view of god that is more our idea of god than really who god is . this is because it is virtually impossible to be objective for us humans , and because in his view , god was not all that interested in presenting much of himself in any sort of nailed down way . the irony i could not miss was the dogmatism with which he himself expresses his own views . he is very certain of his interpretations of " perceptive thinkers like nietzsche , freud , and marx , " eckhart , augustine , etc.. . and is very certain that his interpretations of the scattered verses from scripture are correct . i found his use of proof texting for his ideas to be really , really , faulty . as i 'm reading along i kept jotting in the margins all the times what he said was a really pretty clear misunderstanding of the new testament . so , be prepared for a frustrating read if you know the bible 's basic content . he is certain that no one should be certain , but him . ok , to be fair , he is not certain if christianity is true , and says so on page 44 , but he is certain that he should not be certain of christianity . nor , i guess , should you . with his view of " critique of ideology " how can he be so selective of what he is certain of . this seems like a self-defeating ideology . so strong is his disdain for " knowing " with any real certainty that he would do away with apologetics as if it were no longer appropriate to try to base our beliefs on reason at all . i was reminded of the case francis schaeffer made quite well regarding those who do not have any reason to believe something is true , but who take a leap of faith and believe it anyway . rollins needs to reread his francis schaeffer , in my opinion . he says the church is not to be about giving answers , but helping raise in people : questioning . indeed , given his views , how could he provide answers ? this book may look deep . i propose , it is merely muddy . 2. he redefines age old terms . orthodoxy is no longer about the content of what one believes , but how loosely one holds it . certainty of revealed truth is dangerous , misinformed , idolatrous . heresy is now a cute little thing . it has come of age . he says people will think his views undermine christianity . we are to just take him at his word that his views wo n't do so , but he does not really make affirmations to give any reasonable comfort and any one would , i think , see the writing on the wall . 3. he seems to think the emerging church is the only hope for unity or evangelism in our time among post moderns . after reading his views i wonder if it is possible for post moderns , those like himself , at least , to even understand the gospel . he has not . how can he be a bridge ? to be a bridge one must have footing on both shores . christianity is based on real events with real content that has been passed down , not without mystery , nor without debate , but in a very real and tangible way . he cannot be a bridge to something by changing that thing to something else . 4. he is right to be kind to people of other religions and to try to learn from them . the problem that is huge , and no one seems to notice , is that he seems incapable of learning or appreciating the christians who are in other camps . he considers fundamentalists , and by logical extension many evangelicals , to be pharisees and the true heretics in his new definition of the term , heresy . i kept thinking , what kind of " fundamentalists " is he so angry at ? he blasts the whole of that group and by extension most evangelicals , making generalizations that are misleading . very unobjective . unkind . very divisive . yet he thinks only his views can bring unity to christendom . i can see his views bringing unity to all religions , but it will never bring unity to christendom . he seems oblivious to the amazing amount of unity that now exists in christendom . times have really changed in the past 20 years . he is either unaware or has a different kind of unity in mind . 5. he makes god hopelessly difficult . god wanted , it seems , to speak in a plain brown wrapper...the common language of the people , the dust of humanity , the lowly donkey ride , the obscure but simple truth of the simple gospel . rollins has wrapped god up in nietzsche and while disdaining " human reason " as the means of knowing god has turned the living christ who said " i am the truth " into an enigma of mental gymnastics that is so complex only man could concoct it . god 's message is simple . it 's clear where it needs to be . it hints at huge mystery beyond what is stated . rollins makes it nearly all enigma , hinting at some possible truth out there from a winking god , who says out of one side of his mouth something is important and that we will be held accountable for knowing and obeying it , yet who has been unwilling or incapable , given man 's weaknesses , or his own lack of communication skills , to articulate it in such a way that a person can hold any theological content soundly . if , as tickle says , this is the christianity of the 3rd millenium , then the chrisitan faith is about to become the irrational man 's religion , the anything goes religion , and following generations will have to deconstruct today 's extreme and irrational over-reaction to fundamentalism . peter , i can learn some stuff from you , and i 'm sure some of my perception of what you were trying to say was likely lost in transmission . as it stands now i cannot agree with you on several points . your views trouble me . nothing against you personally . forgive any kind of perceived condescending tone . i hope to enjoy the rest of your book much more , though , it will for me be an upper story with out a first floor . regardless , if it inspires i 'll come back and add a star . hmmm
camera neg 793.txt this battery is not compatible with the the jvc-grd270us video camera . i did get a purchase price refund , but i am out shipping costs both ways
music pos 770.txt really , this is only worth 4 stars if you can appreciate all things cheesy . this is , of course , funny stuff . really , it 's the kind of music where you do n't want other people to know you 're listening to it , but oh my is it fun ! this one has all the ingredients of your typical yngwie-inspired power metal-album : soaring guitars , high-pitched vocals , double-bass drumming , a lot of neoclassical stuff ( essentially the sound of mozart , bach and beethoven , just way less complex ) both on the keyboards and the guitars . and of course , trumpets and brass . oh , how i loathe and love the sound of trumpets and brass on a keyboard . cheese , cheese , cheese all the way ! if you 've heard any rhapsody-material before , a song-by-song breakdown is pretty unnecessary as you 'll know exactly what to expect . they really did benefit from the better production on their next album ( not to mention their latest opus ! ) but legendary tales does n't sound bad by any means , and the songwriting is solid and pretty diverse . it 's just cheesy , real cheesy ! and truth be told , since it 's a metal album the guitars could use a little more ' oomph ' here and there . this is more happy metal than heavy metal , but then again , they 're singing about mystical lands and holy creatures , so behemoth-like heavy guitars would n't really fit . we do n't wanna scare our warrior of ice now , do we
books neg 219.txt i could n't read the whole thing in order to know for sure . it was dry . i did n't get the imagery - i know it 's supposed to be a classic , and i really wanted to read the book , i did - but it was long and boring and i just do n't get why it 's so " classicly popular " . sorry , but it 's how i feel . now , that being said , i read a condensed version of it , and i discovered the story was a little bit interesting - but that 's as far as i can go , even with the condensed version - it was only " a little bit " interesting
music neg 642.txt i was literally horrified when i first put this album in my cd player . this cd is absolutly terrible , every song sounds like its been composed for some middle school band to play . furthermore the songs hardly sound like the songs they represent , they 'll go through like one riff from the origional then just do their own thing . do not , i repeat , do not purchase this album . i was expecting some cool , fun , funky lounge music but this cd is just obnoxious . the only thing that makes this cd remotley worth purchasing is the cool album art and free coaster
music pos 832.txt my husband and i play this cd all the time . we both love it
dvd neg 711.txt i give this movie an " a " for " avoid . " definitely the worst movie i 've ever had the displeasure to watch ( and yes , i 've seen " angel eyes " so i do have a valid point of reference ) . chevy plays a guy makin ' bacon with farrah fawcett ( yes , i did just vomit ) while jonathon taylor " buy a last name " thomas plays the petulant little crapface son who is anti-chevy from the start ( let 's face it , who is n't ? ) and makes his life a living hell . the acting is atrocious , the characters are poorly developed and hideously predictable , farrah 's nose appears poised to melt off at a moment 's notice , and that little brat from " home improvement " could n't be more annoying . there is only one moment that is midly amusing ( when jtt names chevy " squatting dog " as his indian guide name ) , but too bad i heard that punchline in a joke my dad told me in 1982. this movie is so bad that when chevy drives his suv off a bridge while rushing home to fulfill a promise to jtt you actually find yourself praying he ca n't open the window to escape . if you enjoy banging your head against a wall , eating glass shards , or applying a curling iron to your bare skin , this is the flick for you . otherwise it is pure , unadulterated waste that a coprophagic dog would even avoid . trust me , if you value your retinas , avoid , avoid , avoid
dvd pos 471.txt the quality was good and the stories were also good . i am on the list when the first season comes out . this is like a tease
camera neg 904.txt the panasonic is very compact , very stylish sexy as my wife called it , but the photos are very disappointing : they are way to noisy ! even if set on the lowest asa setting at 80asa it is just barely acceptable and they do get progressively worse anything above 100asa . the colours are good , and it does take very good videos , but still photos are just plain bad when compared to other cameras in photoshop cs2. of course it is easy to understand why : the native resolution of the images . if one investigates such things , will notice that the panasonic is only 72 dpi , same as sony 's , canon improves this to 180 , and nikon is at 300 dpi . it is not just about megapixels folks , but how those megapixels are recorded and at what resolution . obviously a camera with 72 dpi will have more noise than one at 180 or 300 dpi . so before you buy any digital camera or thinking about upgrading to a newer model , do yourself a favour . try 4 or 5 cameras in the same megapixel range at a good camera store by taking photos of the same subject in the same light condition . set the camera for the lowest asa and the highest picture quality in jpg format , take the photos , pop the sd card into the computer , compare the images in photoshop . enlarge to full pixel size ( 100% ) , and and look at the meta data at the same time and you will see for yourself . that is what i did , since i was not very happy with the images my panasonic produced ! i had this camera for 11 months and 20 days exactly , and today i traded it in on a nikon p5000 after evaluating over a dozen models including the leica d-lux3 10mp camera , and driving the sales persons crazy with all the testing and spending 4 hours at the store , but it was very educational for them too
music pos 557.txt nas ' street 's disciple definitely has plenty of memorable / outstanding cuts on it . nas sounds very confident and his lyrical skill is prevelant throughout both discs . the subject matter varies which is way cool in that , it delivers to all audiences of his fans . every nas fan will be doing themselves a huge favor by supportin him and pickin this up today . a
software pos 918.txt i bought this for a boy of 12 who goes to school in german . he speaks english at home with his mother . i think that this game will help him with his english
software neg 301.txt i have been using turbotax since i started working full-time after graduating form college . this year turbotax really drops the ball : 1 ) i did n't have any espp transactions for a few years . tax year 2006 i had some , and that was when i realized that nowadays they force you to use turbotax premier for espp calculations . the last time i had espp in 2000 or so , the deluxe version at that time could assist you to calcuate espp transactions with wizards . now you ca n't with deluxe version . 2 ) for first-time married-filed-joinly couples , they have to do a lot of work trying to merge their filed-single returns from 2005. the deluxe version simply does not handle this at all . even if it helps you transfer the 2005 returns , they do n't merge the data properly . for instance , if both couple have short / long-term capital loss carryovers from 2005 , the deluxe version does not do that for you . same for state / local taxes paid / refunded . worse , if even if you try to correct it , sometimes you can't . there is obvious bugs , and i have to choose override from the menu to directly update the forms . 3 ) nitpick : when you choose to print out the every forms , by default they print out all those only for federal taxes . i have to go to the state tab and choose my state , go back to the print menu , to print state tax forms . i am not sure it that may be because this year is the first year i use the mac version of turbotax ( i use pc versions before ) . but i really do not have a good tax preparation experience this year . next year i may consider to switch
dvd neg 791.txt with the straight story , lynch demonstrated none of the recognizable trademarks that transformed him into the director that i love . this film felt like a " blind date " gone bad . the straight story showed up , david lynch arrived , but the rest of the date felt muddled , confusing , and utterly disastrous . everything in this film seemed wrong . lynch 's choice for lead actor , the bland sissy spacek , the filler of repeat cornfield montages , all the way to the incoherent time spent on the read , i just felt that nobody had control over this picture , yet the randomness ( and the possible tear ending ) gave critics something to smile about . this is not a david lynch film , and for those walking into this with images of mulholland drive , twin peaks , or even eraserhead in their mind will be utterly discombobulated . the straight story attempted to show us a slice of americana via the cornfields of iowa , but for this boy based in the flatlands of illinois , it just seemed repetitive and boring . what initially pulled me away from this film was the technique that lynch used to introduce us to alvin and his daughter rose . alvin lying on the ground because he ca n't get up , the clich use of taking him to the doctor letting us know that he is deteriorating , while bringing us the central conflict of his brother falling ill was just too much in such a little time frame . spacek 's depiction of rose seemed unbalanced and rather stale . she brought nothing fresh to this rather emotional character outside of a stutter and some unfunny scenes . i expected so much more from spacek with her timeline of cinema , but this felt like something she did on an afternoon instead of providing us with the intensity that she harbors . then , to add more fuel to the fire , there was richard farnsworth . again , he is n't a horrible actor , but it felt like lynch picked him because he fit the role physically , but alas , could n't master it mentally . farnsworth seemed out in left field for a majority of his time onscreen . i could n't tell if he was trying to remember his lines or if he was truly in character . his eyes seemed watery for everything which brought too much emotion to those little scenes , and seemed to bring not enough by the dramatic ending . his entire speech about his time overseas at war was pathetic , while some will quote it as being his speech of a lifetime , i saw it as babble ( and no , i am not that insensitive - i just felt it could have been handled by a stronger , more professional actor ) . the rest of the cast seemed equally as unimportant . i wanted lynch to either go 100% for this film or none at all , but alas , it felt as if he just half-ed his way through this heap . speaking of david lynch , where did he go in this film ? there were some scenes that i witnessed that screamed the director that i love , but then there were others that just felt like he took pointers from ken burns ' " looking at america " class . i hated the sweeping cornfields that seem to plague this film . instead of keeping us by alvin 's side throughout his journey , lynch gave us a repetitive view of farming and corn . there is nothing wrong with this technique when making the epic that one desperately needs to see once in a while , but when the same images were used over and over again , i nearly felt lynch was humoring us with the dulls of iowa instead of being the majestic all the critics raved about . i think he could have been stronger with his filler than what he was with this film . he needed something to couple with the authenticity of alvin , but the stock-footage that he chose to show was definitely not the balance one could hope for . i also felt there was more to be discussed with the friends that he met along the way . alvin was a walking storybook , filled with the way that he led his own life instead of listening to those around him and learning from their experiences as well . lynch made alvin very closed minded , which did not create a strong protagonist for the feature . alvin was a strong character , but i needed more with this story . i wanted him to make choices , learn new things , and bring that to his brother 's table when they eventually met . i felt cheated when this never occurred and felt as if lynch was saying that this journey through americana was that we could learn from alvin , and not vice-versa . overall , i was n't stunned by this picture . i thought lynch could have been stronger with his choice of direction and cast instead of what seemed like he just " played it safe " . the overplayed stock footage of cornfields infuriated me due to the lack of time that we could have been spending with alvin . speaking of alvin , why could n't he have been a stronger , better-rounded character ? i felt after watching this film that lynch had duped me into believing that he wanted to paint a picture of america , but instead gave us nothing more than soft music , recycled images , and stock characters . the stories were interesting to listen to , but brought nothing fresh to the table . i must admit that the brotherly love moment brought a tear to my eye ( since i have a brother as well ) , but why could n't we focus on this further . lynch made the riff between the two brothers seem like a toss in the pan , when it was the central focus of this film . the straight story could have been a strong tale bringing in a new image for lynch , but instead it felt jagged and old . i could suggest one viewing for this film , any further , and you will see how dull those cornfields really claim to be ! grade : ** out of ****
camera pos 473.txt a really cool digital picture frame , very simple to use and supports all types of memory cards even a pen drive
software pos 652.txt with a per-user price of $8.33 ( when priced at $24.99 for 3 users ) , this is a wonderful deal and was just what my 6-computer office needed . it was easy to install and appears to work well . my staff loves the anti-spam feature .
camera neg 840.txt this monitor worked pretty well for 4 months . we purchased this monitor and it worked well provided we were in the next room or on the same floor as the receiver . however , when we were downstairs ( baby 's room upstairs next to our 's ) the monitor was fuzzy , and had static and lines running thru . we were still able to have audio recpetion . after 4 months , the picture disappeared , audio was still operational . not a good camera for long term
health neg 725.txt i explected the microdermabrasion head to rotate , but instead it vibrates very strongly in your hand . my hands are still buzzing from the night before when i used this product . i would not recommend this product to anyone else , i loved the crystals cream .
books pos 780.txt if your looking to increase your personal level of joy and harmony in life , implement the teachings of the 3 frames in this book . manny padro salt lake city , uta
books neg 622.txt too much wrong information in the text . photo captions = hit or miss . altogether : unreliable . take your needs elsewhere
dvd neg 19.txt the quality of the dvd 's was good . however i did not like the third season as well as the first two seasons . it seemed that the story was setting up for season 4.
health pos 478.txt i 've had my son in huggies brand since he was born . i started out with newborns and just went up in size . i loved them and they never sagged ( unless they were really full ) . i loved the trim look to them . when i had to get pampers brand because the store was out , the pampers brand always looked like he had a full sagging load . even if i had just put them on and they were dry ! when my son was 1 , he decided to take off the " tape " on the daipers and he just would not keep it on . so i switched him to pull ups . he kept those on and has been in pull ups for 3 years . sometimes they did leak at night , because he went too much , but if i changed him once a night he was fine . now that he 's older , i do n't have to change him , because he does n't go at night . these are really best out there , and they do n't look like they are always sagging like other diapers
camera pos 27.txt do n't listen to the reviews that claim that this lens is not a good choice for cropped sensor cameras ( ie the 20d , 30d , rebels etc ) the canon l lens are the best and this particular lens is no exception . i have had the lens for less than 24 hours now and am in love with the sharpness and color already . great lens , great color , so well built , super sharp , just watch out if this is your first l lens , you 'll be hooked . this is a lens you will have for many years , great investment
music neg 18.txt might just be me- -but this is one of those cd 's that the song they play on the radio is the only decent one . maybe i 'm too old for the rest- -but wish i had kept the crystal so i could sell it on ebay
music pos 465.txt this is , i believe , the best fleetwood mac album ever record by the band . it begins with a nice quick paced tune , " second hand news " and proceeds to move into many textured songs from there . the album itself does not have a bad tune on it . in fact , of all the ' regular ' albums from fleetwood mac ( excluding greatest hits compilations ) , this album has more hits on it than any other . hits like ' dreams , ' ' never going back , ' ' do n't stop , ' ' go your own way , ' ' the chain ' and ' you make loving fun . " all of these get enormous radio play . moreover , ' dreams ' was a number one hit , and the album itself held the number one slot for months on end , and has sold over 18 million copies in the u.s. and over 30 million worldwide , putting into the top 50 best selling albums of all time . in fact , an interesting tid bit from the liner notes of the cd describe how the album had such an impact on america 's youth that during that generation if you were to ask a student to spell ' rumor ' there would inevitably be two ' u's ' in the spelling . now that is a very strong impact on culture . every song on this album is arranged on the album as if it flowed right into the other making for an overall well rounded album . one of my all time favorite songs from fleetwood mac is on this album , " never going back " which contains some great acoustic guitar work from one of rock 's premier guitarists , lindsey buckingham , and , in my opinion , the best christine mcvie song ever written , " songbird . " now , with this release , you can also get , on a second cd , the various rough takes and outtakes of the songs on this album . this makes for great listening , to hear how the songs developed and were recorded . moreover , early demos are included along with two ' jam sessions . " now , more than ever , this is a must have cd for any lover of rock music ( or music in general for that matter ) . if you are a fleetwood mac fan , then chances are you own this album , but if you are just getting introduced to the band , then you must buy this cd . i highly recommend it
music pos 35.txt i was a music director at a college radio station when this came out , and along with a ton of other albums this one commanded my attention . shoegazers ? ? ? i am sure all the label slinging yahoos are still wiping the egg off their faces . its as if the band heard they were pigeonholed and gave them all the big finger . just buy it...and all the rest
music pos 494.txt if you do n't love this cd ( and many people wo n't ) , then you must have a very different taste in music then me . yes , it 's different . yes , it 's offensive . yes , it 's incredibly powerful . mutiny in heaven is insanity on a disc , six strings that drew the blood is awesome , as is everything on this disc . simply brilliant , and best disc to start a birthday party obsession with
camera neg 529.txt this camera takes blurry pictures straight out of the box . one mistake i made was to not take my own sd card to the camera shop and look at the output . i thought the blurry image i was seeing at the camera store was because of the low resolution screen but it really is the camera . i 've missed too many pictures of my kids and am in the process of buying a new camera a short 2 months after buying this . casio support was responsive and tried to help but nothing appears to work . and point and shoot is definately not an option . i thought it would be nice to take quick pictures of the kids but none of them are worth keeping . i 've taken over 200 pictures and i will not print any of them .
books pos 611.txt this is a terrific cookbook , even for people like me who are not trained bakers . i have succeeded in making three recipes already- -they work great . have a long way to go to try a lot of other really inviting recipes . her book also serves as a great reference for anything chocolate . i was quite impressed with the fact that ms. lonbotham pays an historical homage to chocolate decadence ( page 42 ) as being a seminal contribution to chocolate lovers worldwide . living in berkeley at the time , i well remember what a sensatation it caused .
software neg 879.txt if you spend a good deal of your time doing ocr on books skip this program . it is even slower than the previous version ( which was tortoise-like ) still screws up the order of columns , is very bad at reading mixed numbers and letters , takes forever to move through long documents , and just genreally makes you feel like you are back to using a 486 when you are working on a pentium 4. oh , and do n't be fooled by the claim that it can actually create fillable forms . it will take you less time to create it from scratch in word than to scan it in and then fix all the errors . i 'm switching to kurzweil
dvd pos 767.txt it gets laughs in its comicness in certain scenes it gets shocks like the beginning war scenes and the fight scenes it gets more interesting as the plot unravels great actors picked for such roles the perfect killing machines one insane in the brain and one out to save lives that should n't be lost in the first place the diner scene where the soldier orders alot of food and keeps eating and the guy says how you gonna pay for this and the soldier says " i just want to eat , i do n't wanna hurt you , then he kicks ass while still enjoying his meal . and his reporter female friend comes in and says " good meal " as a question that is . and he says without words " makes a happy sigh " that 's hilarious . and how she looks around and see everyone who got their ass kicked from keeping him from eating his food priceless movie worth the watch again and again i 'm glad i saw this on tv when i was younger and i 'm glad i got this on dv
books pos 982.txt this is a superb collection and a true tribute to this incredible photographer
software neg 280.txt systemworks continues to grow , taking ore hard drive space and messing with more stuff on your computer , and i 'm likely to buy an alternative next time i update . note it stops working entirely if you install upgrades to your computer - a new hard drive , motherboard , or processor and symantec requires you to spend a fortune on another copy . i like the basic functions , but there 's too much baggage to recommend this product anymore
health pos 959.txt shavers fall into two categories , those who prefer rotaries like the norelco and those who prefer foil shavers . for those of you who like foil shavers , this is the one for you ! i 've owned the latest braun 8985 and it was excellent , while it lasted.. . the charger kept breaking on me ( once in the first month [11 / 2006] , then another time 4 months later [3 / 2007] ) . it was expensive , and the refills were a pain , pricey , but they worked . after two exchanges i decided to try the norelco 8140xl ( speed xl ) rotaries , and while they shaved really close , they tore up my neck . the problem only got worse . returned 3 weeks later . i just got the panasonic and can say that it definitely shaves closer than both of the tried razors . they shave much faster than the braun and norelcos . i 'm not sure if i like the " side to side " pivoting head , only time will tell . the heads do n't pivot up and down as much as the braun , but once again , time will tell if this is necessary . one major advantage is that it cleans with soap and water.. . no expensive refills to hassle over . the panasonic has two noticeable downsides : 1. it 's louder than other shavers , but who cares ? it shaves incredibly fast anyway . 2. you ca n't plug it in and shave.. . you have to wait until the battery is charged and charger is disconnected to turn it on . this is my favorite razor by far .
software neg 851.txt good grief . where do i begin ? we upgraded two computers from 6.0 to act 2007. prior to the install , we totally reformatted our hardrives and did a clean install of windows xp . we performed an xp update , installed ms office and basically had two smokin ' clean machines - more or less brand new . then we we installed act ! 2007 expecting perfection . our problems with the software have been : 1 ) miserable , buggy installation - barely worked . 2 ) inability to convert our old act 6.0 e-mail database into the new version of act 2007. 3 ) slow , slow , sloooowwww performance . 4 ) e-mails will delete themselves for no apparant reason . this is the worst of all . 5 ) terrible syncing with the palm . sometimes it works , other times it does n't , overwrites data when it is not supposed to and vice-versa . 5 ) useless sage tech support . do n't buy this product . in fact , i would never buy another product from sage ever again . my colleague has already ditched act ! and switched to using the palm desktop and outlook express . this was after losing all his e-mails . if i lose all my e-mails again - i will uninstall and ditch my copy altogether . i would love to reclaim the hours of my life lost to this poorly written loser of a program .
software pos 548.txt i used the public beta of lightroom , it was amazing & i could n't wait for final release of it , i ordered it , helpful for photographers . ****** nondestructive editing ****** high recommended
dvd neg 982.txt it 's always a shame to see a really talented actor / actress star in a dud of a movie , but that 's exactly what happened to jodie foster with 1979 's " foxes " . directed by adrian lyne , who would later go on to direct the notorious " fatal attraction " , " foxes " is a cheap , lame-brained attempt at a gritty look into the dark side of teenage life . the movie suffers from a painful lack of character development and goes in a seemingly incoherent fashion from one scene to another , making it hard to stay focused . the movie is n't a total waste- -a few dramatic scenes do at least catch your attention ; and jodie foster , still under 18 when this was filmed , has a real charisma about her despite the fact that she is n't given much to work with . plus , that piano melody of donna summer 's " on the radio " which crops up throughout adds a nice melancholy feel . overall though , " foxes " really is pretty lousy and ca n't be given much of a recommendation
books neg 382.txt communism is one of the most evil ideologies in human history , responsible for the extermination of 100+ million people . this book ( which started it all ) holds at least much of the blame . communists were and still are a threat to the free world , and communism is a slave system . some " intellectuals " actually support the tired mantras of marx 's philosophy , whether because they are insincere or simply pedants who have n't seen enough sunlight , i do n't know . in any case , if they ever step foot in the real world they would take note that communism denies private property , and is totalitarian and slave-driving ( the government owns everything , including you ) . and the deaths caused by communism are hardly necessary to bring up . pol pot , mao , stalin ( of course ) , etc etc...who are these people kidding
camera neg 30.txt this camera is incredibly frustrating . i must admit that under ideal lighting conditions outdoors on a moderate to fully sunny day , the camera takes wonderful pictures . however , photos using indooor and mixed lighting conditions leave alot to be desired . if you want to take any indoor pictures with natural light , this is not the camera for you . the reason being is that if the flash is not activated or the lighting is not perfect , the camera slows down the shutter speed considerably . since the camera does not have very good image stabilization ( if any ) indoor pictures are blurry unless you have the hands of a surgeon . of course you can use the flash , but then your subject will be overlit , while the background is pitch dark . and forget about taking long range pictures indoors ( i.e. at a graduation ceremony or wedding ) because if the flash is on , you will get a black picture because the camera does not compensate the shutter speed for distance , it only adjusts to whether or not it thinks the flash is on . if it is off , your picture will be blurred because the shutter stays open for 1-2 seconds . since i take alot of indoor pictures , this camera is worthless to me . if you only plan to take outdoor pictures in ideal light , this is the camera for you . if you want to do any natural light photography , forget it .
camera neg 103.txt a close friend made the unfortunate mistake of plunking down 2 grand for this camera . honestly olympus produces cameras that can do the same thing for $400. i 've used hers and the image quality is horrible and the colours are wrong 9 times out of 10. if you 're going to spend that much on a camera , get the d70 instead and buy a nice extra lens or some other gadgets to go with . the pictures are better and it offers more mp
health neg 351.txt this thing does not stay in place . i needed a sponge to prop it up . also do n't let the chrome finish fool ya . it 's plastic all around and feels cheap . right now this is in a box going right back where it came from . no good .
health neg 984.txt if you get it wet it stops working , which is quite ironic given its a toothbrush . if you want something to work for a month or two its fine , otherwise avoid it entirely . i intitally thought the water was effecting the battery compartment but after cleaing the contacts and replacing the batteries it seems clear to me that the motor fails due to moisture , pretty quickly after ordinary use
camera neg 615.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat
music pos 754.txt just wanted to answer reviewer : " homedecaramel " and his question as to who melissa refers to from the song titled ' " melissa 's garden " . melissa was the daughter of close friends of steve vai . she passed away 5 years ago at a fairly young age due to ovarian cancer . melissa 's parents built a beautiful garden as a remembrance of her . melissa had a wonderful spirit and her spirit lives on as is apparent in steve 's beautiful tribute and in melissa 's garden .
software neg 341.txt purchased this software because i got a deal with a special price break . i have a very small business , so a purchase of several hundred dollars needs to pay back quickly . the set up took a lot longer than i had anticipated . the customer service was no help - could n't answer my questions . i ended up spending 6 hours to get everything right - another day wasted . i 've got myself stuck with this now and will use for a few months since i 've spent the money , but i 'm going to look for alternatives in the meantime . if this is " quick books , " i need to find " lightning fast " books somewhere
dvd neg 341.txt i understand that some fans would like to see more of their loved characters ( this series is one of the best as far as i 'm concerned ) , and i can understand the need in filling in a gap especually if the show has n't been aired in a while on tv : but i cannot understand anyone who buys this dvd for any reason . you do not need this dvd to " fill the gap in your collection . " they did the same thing with chobits in episode 7 , another damn recap . there 's no point in watching it . the series is great , stick to the episodes both before and after this dvd . trust me , i know how tempting it is to either rent this episode , get it on netflix , or go out and buy it outright.. . but don't . you 'll only be sorry . there are a myriad of reasons why the company made this dvd ( posted elsewhere ) but what 's important is that it is a waste of time and money . great series ( a+ ) , this dvd = f .
music neg 719.txt being a fan of jack johnson , i thought this one would be as good as the others . i was n't impressed at all . it sounds like a few guys pickin ' around in the basement . the recording quality has very little production value . at best , these are okay live versions of usually great songs . this is an unnecessary piece for your jack johnson collection .
camera pos 102.txt there are no professionals or would-be professional photographers in our house . instead we are ametuers who love to get fun shots of our friends and family . we 're not particularly interested in birds , flowers , bugs , race cars , etc. we want to catch our kids doing what they love best ; football , basketball , swimming , band , golf.. . my only advantage is that i am very experienced with adobe photoshop , which lets me creatively salvage some less-than-perfect shots . this year our son is a high-school senior . instead of buying an expensive portrait package , we voted to spend the money on a canon digital rebel xt kit ( with lens ) . we choose one extra zoom lense ( the 75-300mm f4-5.6 iii usm telephoto ) for up-close action sports shots . we did n't chose the is lens because it was out of our price range . we are having great fun with this camera and lens . we have already taken a variety of football game pictures using the ' basic ' sports setting on the camera ( burst mode at full zoom ) . they are great - crisp and clear . these have been taken in full sun . we realize that we 'll have to get a little more creative when we are taking pictures in lower light situations . but i think we can do it . i would recommend this lens for anyone who just wants to capture some fun shots . they might not be professional quality , but they are just what we wanted
books neg 658.txt this book is a disappointment . it provides little insight into the life or personality of robert redford , the actor or the person . the book is basically a chronicle of the movies rr has directed or in which he has appeared as an actor . but even as a filmography the book fails . the reader learns little about the creation of each movie or the relationships among the actors beyond the anecdotes that have been repeated numerous times on tv or in the press . in addition , the authors have the annoying habit of consistently putting down robert redford with snide remarks . there must have been something about the actor other than his white teeth and good looks that made him an international superstar . for sure , it must be difficult to write a biography of such a private person as robert redford . however , it is the responsibility of biographers to gather information and gain an understanding of their subject , and if they ca n't do so , then there is no book
music neg 391.txt i have to disagree with the majority of folks here who consider this cd the jazz end all . i find it grating , and darn near unlistenable . i have built a small but quality jazz library the last few months . miles davis , dave brubeck , kenny burrell , grant green , cannonball adderley , stan getz , chet baker , wes montgomery , bill evans and thelonius monk to name a few . this guy is by far my least favorite . his playing on miles davis cd 's i have and with monk is largely enjoyable and i know he 's a giant . but this stuff ? . the live recording on disc two was so grating i could n't make it through . it sounded to me like a bunch of geese being slaughtered . give me the other guys anytime
health pos 780.txt i was skeptical about this product but tried it anyway . it does work and it does eliminate the dip in the middle our mattress had formed . this has given our mattress a little more life so it will last a little longer until it 's time to give in and buy a new one
dvd pos 257.txt it is nice to see sarah michelle geller in a not-so-nice , anti-heroine role here . i 'm so used to seeing her as " buffy "
music neg 637.txt i bought usher 's 8701 on tape long ago , and i remember liking it . then a couple of years ago , i bought it again on cd , listened to it , and wondered why i wasted my money . maybe it 's the fact that i 've grown , but this album sounds so un-soulful now . it is just lacking any spirit , sort of like an over-produced record : all studio magic , but no magic from the singer . even the songs that are supposed to sound heartfelt , don't . the album sounds dated , not transcendent of time and era like all the albums that become classics . the songs are very forgettable , and i do n't see any of them being seen as classics twenty years from now . usher has yet to make a masterpiece . addendum : i was a little unfair in my rating . the album deserves 3 stars , not 2. unfortunately , i ca n't change it .
health neg 688.txt the friend who i purchased this for was not able to use it because it moved too fast for her to keep up with . she is used to a two wheeled walker , but wanted one with a seat . she did n't keep the original packaging so could not get a full refund . it turned out that return shipping was going to be more than what she would get for a refund ; so she did n't return it . the lesson : better buy local if you 're not sure
camera neg 212.txt sd110 not a good digital camera . better yet find something else . i 've had this camera almost a year but i just seldom use it because the result of the pictures are very disappointing . it is just fine downloading them on the internet but when you have it printed on the paper , the pictures get blurred . now , im looking for another digicam that wo n't disappoint me
music pos 976.txt joe cocker has one of the most distinctive gravelly voices in r & b history . he 's always stuck to his roots and never gone with temporary fads or novelties . this collection is another classic with great covers from the beatles , elton john and gary wright . his interpretive voice has always been the focal point of his songs , but in dts 5.1 , you are surrounded ( as if in concert ) by his presence . the completely adept and intuitive musicians that accompany him add more atmosphere without taking from his performance . imagine hearing him in live in a theater and you 'll know what to expect from this warm and heartfelt album
music pos 904.txt i consider this the first album in the second half of the career of oasis . following the departure of bonehead and guigsy , this album is basically all the gallagher brothers . having learnt lessons from be here now , oasis have gone back to a more basic style of production as opposed to the over the top production from be here now . while the songs are not as good on here , they sound better and the whole album sounds as if it was n't as rushed . this signifies a big change of direction for the band , with little less ego 's and a more sober approach to their music , it is only the songwriting that lets this album down . my least favourite of all oasis albums , it features two really good songs , 6 mediocre and 2 dreadful ones . it is missing another two songs to make it complete , i think it should have included the b'sides ' lets all make believe ' and ' carry us all' . it still includes a few beatle-esque songs ' who feels love ' and ' roll it over ' and noel once again takes over lead vocal duties , this time on two tracks , ' where did it all go wrong ' and ' sunday morning call' . this is a very important album , it grounded the band again after their ego 's had taken off . this helped relaunch the career and because of it they sound at their best today
books pos 577.txt a wonderful book . you will meet many charming cats on your jounrey here that will stay with you forever . although this book is only 150 pages , it took me a long time to read it . while many things made me smile or laugh out loud , far too many things made me cry and i had to stop reading and set it aside for awhile . i often wondered if i could even finish it , but i am glad that i did . it is a book that truly touches the heart .
music pos 888.txt its just realy sad that hip-hop dont sound like hard to earn anymore.. . gang starr still gets daily airplay on my stereo and im glad i support these guys
software neg 387.txt i 've been a digital artist for 5 years and always loved and supported paintshoppro and corel products . i have to say i am very disappointed in the new version , pspxi . no problems with the download , but the program crashes easily , you can not drag and drop as fast as in 9 , basically is slower in everything you do . i am a photographer , and looked forward to the new photo features , which work , but for panoramas and complicated work others than one photo forget it . just hangs up and so slow you could go have dinner in between . i have searched the net and support wise , the upgrades and patches have not helped . corel is not solving the problem and maybe they can't . this is not a pc problem which they so want us to believe . i have plenty of memory and speed on my pc . it may be something involving how the xi stores it 's cache . not sure . but the changes are not workable , sadly . i think there are some corrupt files or driver problems that corel desparately needs to fix and supply us with , or they will find themselves out of the ps market . this is not just me talking , it has happened to alot of loyal fans . because it could be the better than photoshop if they fix it . if you really want the program , download the free trial first and or try the x or 9 version , especially if your pc is an older model .
software neg 858.txt this program is good if you want to mold the matrix bit by bit . but if you want to make games in a snap , spring for the professional and get a level editor on a darkbasic website
music pos 846.txt this cd is a must for anyone who enjoys great guitar music . its packed full of amazing pieces and inspiring playing . my favorite track is is n't it romantic because it successfully makes a classic out of this song . buy it now ! !
camera pos 795.txt -this camara picture quality is nice , and depend on user purpose . my gf is kinda satify with it . -function is easy to use . -battery life is so so . -battery charger design is not convenience . you have the put the battery into the batter charger . recommand to get a cradle charger , but extra cost . it should sell with cradle charger .
software neg 730.txt okay.. . so i 'm not as astute in the technical aspects of software as some reviewers , but i can say that my experience with this software is absolutely terrible . first off , it is built to integrate with outlook , but does n't really . it always leaves one e-mail in your outbox ( the one you posted first ) . if you open your outbox before they send , then the one you posted most recently wo n't send either . seriously , the only way i have been dealing with this is that i have left a dead e-mail in the box permanently . if i need to change something that has been posted to the outbox , i have to open it , then get out of the outbox , change it , and repost it , otherwise it wo n't send - - ever . i have set nis so that it does n't scan my outgoing e-mail , as it blocks anything over 2mb , and in my business , i send things that big all the time . in a recent update , however , it has reinstated that and now scans all of my outgoing e-mail whether it is set to or not . i spent hours and hours on the phone with ( supposed ) technicians , who refused to answer any questions unless i disabled my whole network . what that has to do with this program , i do n't know . i tried the " live internet chat " function , but - - and i kid you not - - it took almost two hours for me to get ten responses from the guy . when i complained , he hung up on me . gotta love that . when i tell nis that something it has categorised as spam " is n't spam " , it does n't remember the sender 's e-mail address , like it is supposed to . it just keeps calling it spam and quarantining it . regarding spyware , i have another piece of anti-spyware software called webroot spy sweeper , that routinely finds spyware on my computer that nis did n't catch . this has just been one headache after another . their customer service was unresponsive and totally unhelpful , with not one actual solution to any of these problems . the only piece of software i have ever bought that was anywhere close to as bad as this is winfax 10 , another norton product . i will never , ever buy another piece of norton / symantec software again as long as i live . they should be ashamed of themselves
health pos 829.txt i have had this model for years ! and i cut my hair with it 3-4 times a month between me & my sons . it is the best clipper set i have ever owned . most clippers i buy only last 1-2 years . i have had this one i think 5-6 years ! well worth the money
books neg 590.txt all the reviews so far sound like personal friends of b.w. who are puffing the book . the book is simple and would require more information . so why not just go buy a book with more information .
dvd neg 494.txt belushi 's crowning jewel perfomance in my opinion is when he played opposite monty python 's michael palin as the manly captain ned in the miles cowperthwaite skits . they are both absent from this dvd nor on any snl video i can find .
health pos 760.txt i got this showerhead for christmas and am really happy with it ! ! it 's really a pleasant experience to have the water raining down on you . i do agree with the other reveiwer that the adjustable knobs are tough to get to stay in place . but with mine anyways it stays in place while i 'm using it and it 's only later that it slowly lowers down . then i just move it back into place and tighten the knobs again when i want to use it . it has n't been any trouble so far . i love this showerhead so much that i 'm actually already looking for an even larger one ! ! i highly recommend these " rainfall " showerheads !
music neg 860.txt i would love to own this soundtrack but why anyone would pay 120 bucks is just plain dumb . quite frankly i would like to see your copyright on this item to see if you are just reburning these cd 's and reselling them . for 120 bucks you should be reported to the authorite
dvd neg 970.txt better than submerged , but that 's not saying much . my wife and i have seen almost all of stevies movies and , next to the foreigner and submerged , this movie ranks up there in the horrid category . what is up with the voice dubbed over when stevie was mumbling . we kept trying to guess whose voice that was ( burgess meredith , the guy who played the other terminator on t2 , etc. ) . that was the only thing that kept us from turning it off 30 minutes into the film . i ca n't see why blockbuster dedicated two rows for this tripe ; maybe there are more of us die-hard ss fans than i realized . even so , save your money - -- -do not buy / rent / steal / vie
software neg 435.txt my computer was running fine until i tried to upgrade . first it took almost 2 hours to install at the last 3% it found a error and was going to roll back . well it never did . it erased everything . it went to a dos prompt . called help line and it took 3 hours to just reload . when it was done , i had no files or any of my programs on the hard drive . not only that but he said i had to install again to register . it takes forever to install . took forever to get in touch with someone , they were in nova scotia , and i still do not have a working computer . i have to try and get a recover program to get my files back . i recommend staying away from this product for upgrades .
music neg 535.txt i used to like rob zombie , up until hellbilly delux . everything after that is garbage . this album is no exception . every song sounds the same and is very predictable . the lyrics are nonsensical , educated horses ? he says that phrase in like 3 or 4 songs on this cd , i think he is running out of material and throwing crappy cd 's together to scrap in some extra money . he needs to quit before everyone forgets he used to be talented . i do n't recommend this cd to anyone except the die-hard stalker-type fans that will buy all of his cd 's / merchandise regardless . 1 star , i went through this cd in less than 10 minutes , very disappointed , and will never put it back into a cd-player again
dvd pos 348.txt cast : denzel washington , john goodman , donald sutherland , embeth davidtz , james gandolfini , elias koteas , gabriel casseus , michael j . pagan . running time : 123 minutes rated r for violence and language . " fallen " starts with convicted serial killer edgar reese ( elias koteas ) being executed in the gas chamber as the man who brought him to justice detective jon hobbes ( denzel washington ) looks on . hobbes thinks that this is the end but soon has to rethink as he receives a phone call which tells him to check a house out where he finds a dead man named muscovich ( glen witko ) in a bathtub having been poisoned , the same way reese used to kill his victims . at first hobbes fears a copy cat killer but during the course of his investigation the name robert milano comes up , a decorated cop who apparently committed suicide . hobbes speaks with his daughter gretta ( embeth davidtz ) who at first is reluctant to speak with him . things become even stranger when the man who killed muscovich , charles ( robert joy ) is found dead in exactly the same way having been poisoned again . eventually gretta tells hobbes the truth , he is in fact dealing with an ancient demon called azazel who has the power to jump form body to body at will by mere psychical touch . the demon azazel seems to be taunting hobbes , ruining his life & career , setting him up for murder & getting to his friends & family . hobbes must find a way to destroy the ancient demon before it destroys him & everyone he cares about . charismatic leading man denzel washington is suitably cast as the protagonist and proves to have range , while john goodman is okay but greatly underused while the same applies to james gandalfini who plays almost the exact same character . donald sutherland does n't prove to have any range , doing the usual gruff routine that he does in nearly all of his movies . embeth davidtz is a talented and totally under-rated actress . she delivers a good performance and shows great potential for the future . the directing and camera work in this movie was superb . it was done in such a way where you can see azazel 's spirit go from person to person simply by following the camera up and down the crowd and watching the subtle touches one makes in a normal walk about town . although this film does require your full attention , it does not go unrewarded and you are not left at the end scratching your head wondering what had happened for the past two hours . " fallen " is an intelligently written , supremely efficiently executed , and one of the most unheralded , unnoticed thrillers of the late part of the decade . one of the better of its kind
camera pos 68.txt eos-1d mark ii digital this camera i use two months a little hard to use because it has a lot of things . i am not a proffecianal but i liked very much the pictures is the best like any camera i had .
dvd neg 586.txt i have watched this movie along with many other jet li films . to be very honest with you this movie is one that you can keep out of your collection . i was so caught up in the title that i really was expecting much more from the film . but i was very disappointed to say the least . the movie takes place in the early eighties . when gangs dressed in leather with chains , carrying spray paint and break danced occasionally . this was not the type of movie that i was expecting jet li to be in . if you want some real action packed jet li pick up the contract killer which will give you alot more for your money trust me you want be disappointed
software neg 668.txt their approach might work for other languages , but for chinese it 's critically important to understand the grammar of the language , which rosetta stone never explains . it simply displays four pictures at you , with some incomprehensible ( to a beginner ) chinese near them , and you have to learn to match incomprehensible words with the pictures . i 've taken chinese for two years , and i still found it impossible to learn anything from it . i either knew the words already , or i could n't learn whatever it was they were trying to teach . i would be happy with just a videotaped lecture of a mandarin college course , but i ca n't find anything like this for sale or free online
camera pos 668.txt i bought these binoculars for my dad for christmas , and he is absolutely in love with them . the distance it can handle is slightly above average , but the clarity is really where this thing shines . its very easy to use , and has held up reasonably well . i would recomend it to the casual user
camera neg 462.txt i bought this for my husband for valentine 's day , so he could have photos of our new baby boy handy . unfortunately , the images appeared for one day , and then the unit stopped working . we had to send the unit back . i was very disappointed as there were many good ratings on the item .
software pos 287.txt i have used this anti-virus since 2000 , i liked it then , and i love it now . if your the type of user that does not want to worry about your computer on the internet , this is for you . it can be a pain on older computers that have less ram , but it still gets the job done . now the cons , i had 3 experiences with customer service , and 2 were postitive , and 1 was negative . i 'm not throwing the baby out with the bath water , although i wanted too . the woman was extremely rude , to the point that i contacted the corporate office . in the end i did renew my subscription . i had no idea how easy it is for exe programs , and the such to change settings on your computer allowing attacks . this software lets you know when your settings have changed as soon as they get changed . for 20.00 how can you go wrong !
music pos 859.txt if you really into french baroque that is..... .
software neg 170.txt as is typical with software claiming to be " topo " , it is not . expecting that the buyer of topos will typically be someone looking for usgs quads this software is not as advertised . since i own the other major competing program ( for which you need to buy each state in order to get quads ( and for which i can not seem to find wyoming ) ) , i was eagerly awaiting this package . in five minutes i realized delorme is essentially useless to the backpacker / mountain biker ( et al ) . you can order quads very simply using the package , but at the zoom level appropriate for making an ordering decision the wonks at delorme decided they would make the map blank ( apparently to force you into buying electronic quads at $2.50 a piece ) . so , you need to actually know the quad you want before you order it . well , if i knew that , i would already own the quad , and certainly would n't need to buy an electronic version . for 2.50 more i could get it laminated . yes , this is a flame , but it is deserved . delorme might be great software if you know the quad you want ; it is ridiculous software if you are trying to explore and area in order to decide where you want to go ( and then download , and pay for , the appropriate map ) . all in all , a complete waste of money- -i only feel it worth my time to write this review so that the suppliers of such software get a clue and discover a more appropriate business model ( versus selling blank maps , with a 100 dollar credit for maps that you do n't even know will work ) cheers .
health neg 849.txt save your money - you will go over an area several times . i went back to my basic razor
books pos 121.txt i am a chemistry major and so i really like this book , however when i initially started o-chem , i did get a little intimidated by perusing through this textbook . so i suggest , to people who were in a similar position as me to also have a look at hornback or mcmurry . the text isnt an " advanced " textbook perse ( after a good grounding in the basics for three days , i found this book quite user friendly ) , its organization is completely different to most other o-chem textbooks and its presentation of ideas is purely mechanistic . both of which are ideally good things for chemistry majors who require the quintessential knowledge of structure and its impact on function and reactivity . an examples is that when introducing orbitals , and orbital interaction ; greeves et al quickly go to homo and lumo based discussions and their impact on bonding and antibonding . wade and mcmurry leave this , one of the most important principles in defining nuclephiles and electrophiles till later . a second example would be the appropriate structural implications of nucleophiles and electrophiles with respect to vacant orbitals , lone pairs and charge . these are the things used to identify em . as such , the book isnt fragmented . each chapter has its specific niche topic and thereofore individuals get a complete understanding of various topics and their implications on the overall organic chemistry . chapters are well referenced so if , say you are only interested in nmr then you can skip chapters and read only those pertaining to that subject and yet still get a good understanding . most textbooks act like a stupid monologue , miss a passage and you 'd completely miss organic chem . the chapter on reaction mechanisms is excellant , it actually is better than most primers developed in explaining this concept ( i.e. jacobs ) . however , the organization and the concentration of information within chapters may be daunting to individuals who havent had enough experience in general chemistry . principles of structure and reactivity are assumed knowledge . organic chemistry in most universities are taken by biology and chemistry majors . for individuals who are only doing one unit of organic chemistry ; i would suggest you look elsewhere . a substitute ( a less difficult but equally comprehensive textbook for people lacking experience in chemistry ) is hornback 's which is renowned for its lucid mechanistic explantion of organic chemistry .
dvd neg 245.txt warning ! this video has no captioning . i 've rented it and it does not have captioning . it is useless to me and fellow deaf and hard of hearing folk
health neg 180.txt this product hurts and ripps out your hair when you use it . it also leaves ur hair smelling bur n't and smokey . when you go out and it is humid ur hair will go back to its normal self and get very frizzy . the only good thing is that it does not break easily
health pos 10.txt i bought this product because i had a borderline high reading at my doctor 's office . rather than having the hassle of going to his office and paying a cop-pay just to have it monitored , we purchased this unit . it works wonderful . very simple and gives more information than i expected
dvd neg 330.txt i unfortunately wound up seeing this christmas misgiving on its original airing . i have always been a fan of any christmas special since rudolph hit the air way back when . each holiday season i hope for something to come along that has the potential to become the " new rudolph " . this is so far away from that you would need the hubble space scope in order to see how close it came . the imaging is excellent and has been executed with great expertise . regrettably the story makes santa vs. the martins look like an oscar contender . such a waste trying to make it more desirable by hoking it up with 3d gimmickry . you ca n't improve on failure . after it aired on tv i did n't see it return in later years on regular tv . i did n't miss it then and was hoping to extend the pleasure indefinitely . ca n't win them all
health pos 784.txt these are great glasses , easy to put on and take off , and are there around your neck waiting for you to use them . i saw them on the csi ny coroner on tv and had to find some . amazon was the place to go
dvd pos 305.txt for being such a perky story , with some steamy scenes this film rescues the genre of erotic comedy films
music neg 164.txt i like funny rappers who have some talent at least . i do not think that his songs or the man is funny at all . and even the people that i know that enjoyed this the first couple times say that they do n't like it at all by the third time . truly bad pointless music that makes all rap music seem like a joke . avoid this one
dvd pos 238.txt the movies of course are dated , but fascinating also . the picture quality was excellent as was the sound . the main iterest was in seing how much movie stories have changed . now even the simplest movie , regardless of the subject has an edge . these " horror " movies of the 40s-50s are gentler , less scary , with a clear statement of good and evil . now we view things differently without any absolute judgments . clarity has given way to a more unsettled world
software pos 366.txt it is user friendly , transparent , and more robust than trendmicro 's or ca 's products , both of which slowed my computer and prevented my music websites from working . for windows oses , onecare is best in my experience . however , i have not used onecare 's backup feature enough to make a judgement . the $49.99 for 3 computers may be okay , but it would be even better if microsoft offers it for one computer at 1 / 3 the rate , say at $17 / computer per year
books pos 40.txt this cookbook is the best in my collection - and i have a lot ! ! the instructions are clear and the pictures are great
music neg 426.txt we all know how great the songs are on this cd - - 5-star all the way . however , i guess there 's an unlucky few oddballs among us who ca n't play the sacd hybrid cd format of this particular reissue on our pc . which also means that we ca n't add the cd to our itunes or ipod music selections . in this day and age , that 's severely limiting , so i regret this purchase ( i do n't have some jalopy of a pc / processor either , as my computer is less than seven months old , with 2gb of ram ) . i do n't know who to blame for my " mistake " - - myself ? amazon ? sony ? philips ? abkco ? i 'll blame myself and be more careful next time - - in part by avoiding " dsd - " or " sacd - " labeled items . i 'll also give the cd 1 star on the basis of its limited technological usefulness to me
health pos 722.txt lightweight , easy to transport , easy to put together . just remember , the person in the chair cannot maneuver on their own . someone must be able to push . but what a great product
music neg 484.txt well , unless you are a hardcore collector like myself ( had it originally on vinyl all those years ago ) , stay clear of this album . if you want to hear noise that you & your wife / girlfriend / boyfriend could do yourself , then forget this album & make your own noise . the best track on the album is the bonus track . that tells you that this album has nothing to do with beatles music . i give it one star for being terrible & one star for the packaging ; - ) . search judemac forever " on msn
health pos 118.txt i bought calvin klein for women parfum as a christmas gift to my sister . to see the smile on her face at christmas when she opened her gift , was priceless . as for the cost , it was much less than the department stores at the local mall's . thank you amazon for a great deal !
camera pos 807.txt i just got this camera recently along with the printer . setting up was very simple . the only problem i came across was putting the ribbon in the printer . you have to use your finger to remove the slack from the ribbon but it 's not that easy . when you put the ribbon in the printer it gets caught on something and could damage the ribbon . it takes time and tons of patients to get that ribbon in the printer . the pictures come out very nice and print even better . i washed a couple of pictures to test the quality and they came out flawless . this camera is a value and should n't be passed up . the screen on the camera is huge and the buttons take some time to get use too . if you have any further questions feel free to comment them and i 'll reply as possible
health neg 393.txt unfortunately , this is poorly designed . it is too high to rest you wrist on comfortably and the ' stimulating ' rolling rubber parts are too hard and abrasive
health neg 750.txt while bumble and bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products , this conditioner ( and i might add shampoo by the same name ) was a real disappointment . using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there was n't even a pleasant scent . do n't know where bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one . i 'm saving my $$$$$ for lush and frederic fekkai
music pos 140.txt actually have n't heard this cd , yet , i can still comment on part of it . i was the lucky guy who did the live recording at the x-ray cafe . sold the masters to the band a couple years ago and just now got around to thinking , " i wonder if they ever did anything with those masters ? " so , i was there at the show and can say that every ounce of energy that the band put out ( which was considerable since this was the last show on their tour , but they knew the x-ray was special and gave it their all ) - it was all captured on these recordings . the machine was a tascam 688 that used standard cassette tapes for 8-channel recordings . most all the mics were either shure sm57 / 58 , but there was also a high quality shure stereo mic overhead that was mainly used for capturing the drum kit but also provided a nice stereo image of the stage . the x-ray was perfect for this type of recording . the tiny pa was only used for the vocals , so , there was no competing with a pa blasting everything . i would place a sm-57 close to every amp . had a nice specialtiy bass mic , too . usually , 8 channels was enough to catch everything , but , there were extra inputs where it was possible to stack multiple mics onto a single track if needed . because of the overhead stereo catching the drums , this was rarely needed . with a full house , such as the night with the gits , any reflecting waves were just soaked up by the body mass of the crowd , creating what turned out to be a very nice intimate recording space . there was split box on stage which fed all the mics to the x-ray " business office " next door , which is where the tascam was setup away from any real danger . all of which made it a fun gig to record in comfort and be able to also go over to the stage side and enjoy the show . every once in a while , magic happened . d . fletcher portland , or
books pos 820.txt i bought this together with a " best of " cd , both containing a lot of songs i really wanted to play on the piano myself . that combination has allowed me to hear what vince played while also reading through the music to see just what it is he played . without exception , i 've found the written music exactly true to what vince recorded , including pick up notes , tricky min-maj-min progressions , arpeggios , diminished 9th chords , and what-not , and it has made some previously unapproachable passages much easier to understand . i 've also been able to use the book as a sort of learning tool , getting a feel for what a jazz musician really tries to accomplish when he sits down and plays a piece . i would like to have seen some fingering indications included , and without those , i think some beginners will not be able to do much with this work . and personally , i did n't find the performance notations particularly useful ( " laid back " does n't really convey much to me ) , but like i said , i also purchased a cd of vince 's music , so i already have an idea of what sort of sound i want to achieve . other than those two minor points , i ca n't find anything wrong with this edition . the binding is " lay flat " perfect bound , so the pages stay glued together but pull away from the spine , allowing this book to retain a crisp appearance and feel even after the pages are pulled open on a music stand . guaraldi fans and aspiring jazz pianists will gain a lot from this work
software pos 654.txt some existing programs , such as norton system works , are not compatible with vista and norton insists that you pay for an upgrade to the 2007 version . other than the compatibility issue , windows vista home basic works fine for me . larry leika
camera pos 631.txt this is my second digital camera . although it does so much more than my first , it is much easier to operate . i especially love the fact that i can video my grandson 's baseball game , and then convert individule frames to photos ( jpeg ) with great quality . i have a series of photos with him getting a hit . it looks great ! thanks for a great product . ralp
dvd neg 20.txt incredible does describe this movie - incredibly bad ! this movie does n't know what it wants to be . at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of " mississippi burning " or the anger and impunity of " ghosts of mississippi " , or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre . at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors , matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock . as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre 's list of movies for lack of originality , and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make . some of my favorite actors are wasted , either by being given cliched dialogue , over acting , or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence . if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book , then i have no interest in reading the book . i 'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper . but the direction does n't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own . bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role , proving she 's only worthy of b-grade " miss congeniality " type crud . mcconaughey over acts so much ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others ) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan , kevin spacey and donald sutherland . samuel l . jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever , but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in . even the extras in this movie are horrible . enough ca n't be said about the terrible direction in this movie , equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault , making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison . this is not " a powerful film . " it 's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast , a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience , and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions , culminating in an over the top , pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that would n't hold water in any real court of justice . maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt , or because they have n't seen quality comparisons and classics like " mississippis burning , " that has both a great script and fabulous acting . i do n't know . all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started . among the top of my most over rated movies
health neg 43.txt it never ceases to amaze me how often gillette comes out with new gimmicks to take more money from it 's loyal clientele . the fusion is a classic example , from overpriced shaving gel to a much overpriced razor which quite honestly gives you the same shave as a sensor excel . do n't buy into the hype , the fusion is an expensive joke of a product .
music pos 884.txt this is a must have for anyone with an r&b " oldies " collection . you wo n't be disappointed
music neg 453.txt when mike & the mechanics ushered in the ` madchester ' scene with the living years it was only a matter of time before these jokers attempted to jump on the bandwagon . if you want to be adored you should write some decent songs lads ! verdict : do n't waste your money .
books pos 489.txt a great book for every usability practitioner . not only did i find the content of this book very informative and very useful , but in particular i liked the structure of the book and found it extremely usable . each chapter contains context information at the beginning of the chapter , an out line of the chapter , summary notes on the side bar for quick review , sample techniques and forms , war stories , estimation of resources required to complete each step , etc this structure makes the book one of the most usable books i have ever used , and therefore one of the most useful companion in designing the user interface
music neg 403.txt perhaps it 's a bit unfair because lucinda engenders such high expectations , but i was really disappointed with this record the songwriting is weak , the singing is weak , and the arrangements are dull something kicked all the life out of the music- -the songs are not all the same , but for some reason they all sound the same- -and embarrassingly , you can sing most of them after one listen , they are so simplistic and cliched
health pos 547.txt i 've used hot air brushes for a couple years . this works better than my last . the low setting and the larger brush works better for me . the high setting blows the hair off the bristles . it 's nice having the small brush option for different styles though . i believe my hair stays styled longer and without as much work and injuries using a hot air brush versus a curling iron
software pos 867.txt a very effective internet security package ... we installed this on my girlfriend 's pc a few months ago and it 's done a super job in keeping her machine trouble free . two thumbs up . effective , easy to install and use and keep updated . a real winner .
books neg 463.txt ed klein is really so desperate in his attack that he ca n't find any one person who will use their names in the attacks against hillary ! what a lot of misinformation and outright lies . to actually accuse marian wright edelman of using children for her own ends is short of criminal , and to insinuate that chelsea was the result of a rape , even though on the next page he discusses their fertility search to become pregnant , is disgusting . i should have known what to expect when the first two words in the book were monica lewinsky !
music pos 706.txt this is one of my personal favorites . i bought this cd when my daughter was 1 month old . we would listen to it during those " late night " feedings to create a peaceful environment . i 'm pretty sure it was a benefit for her . it was definitely a benefit for me
music neg 195.txt it is hard to imagine what the american songbook ever did to rod stewart that he would decide to degrade it like this , not once , not twice , but three times . stewart 's decision to approach these shop-worn standards ranks up there with napoleon 's decision to invade russia during the winter , it is staggeringly ill conceived . the problem , of course , is his voice . the selection of material seems ideally suited to showcase his limitations as a singer , which are countless . for starters , he has almost no range at all . next , his raspiness has no inherent beauty , and these are songs intended for beautiful voices . by their very nature , the selections are vehicles for skilled singers , their simplicity allows excellent performers to interpret and express individual perspective . stewart , because he is a rock and blues singer , never learned the fundamentals of singing and certainly never developed a mature , expressive voice . he scratches along the surface of these listless vehicles with the charm of a man skating over ice with sandpaper strapped to his shoes . banks of strings and fabulously misguided collaborations , ( dolly parton ! ) , do not mask but highlight what is wrong with this project . bear in mind that i like rod stewart ; he 's from scotland and he 's the prototypical brit blues belter . if you want to know what he 's actually good at , dig out your copy of jeff beck 's first release , truth . stewart delivers some of the best blue-eyed twelve bar wailing ever recorded . but that 's the problem . on truth it was the cigarettes , whisky , and swagger in his voice that made him great - it was n't about singing technique - it was about authenticity . here , the focus is on singing , and his limitations are embarrassingly spotlighted . albums like this never get made unless the performer already has name recognition that guarantees sales , nightmares of this stripe could never stand on their own merits . to be avoided at all cost .
music pos 250.txt ...else if michigan was on vinyl i would have worn it out by now . illinois was my first venture into the sound-world of sufjan stevens , and no doubt it his most impressive outing to date . however the subtle spendour of the earlier michigan has ousted it as my favourite . perhaps less eclectic and entertaining than illinois , but more soulful and beautiful . ultimately it 's the one i 'd take to the proverbial desert island . there 's not a single track in this 74 minute cd that i 'd want to skip or drop from my mp3 playlist , but highlights for me are romulus ( gentle and heartbreaking ) , sleeping bear ( musically gorgeous ) , and vito 's ordination song ( like being gently hugged ) . p.s. so often the ' bonus tracks ' on a cd can seem superfluous and substandard but the 2 extras on my cd ( marching band and pickerel lake ) are both excellent .
dvd pos 956.txt david cromemberg did an excellent job with the adaptation of stephen king 's novel , and christopher walken was superb in his portrayal of johnny smith ( no middle initial ) . the supporting cast added to the film : martin sheen was a convincing greg stilson ( was this a warm up for his west wing role ? ) , i 'm a big fan of tom skerritt , and i did n't recognize herbert lom from his pink panther role . this movie ( and the book ) are put in the horror genre , but i would consider the story to be true science fiction . smith 's character was in a coma for several years , and the story 's premise is that this coma enabled his brain to tap into psychic ablilities . there is nothing supernatural about the villains ; they 're just normal bad people . this movie is not completely faithful to the movie . some of the changes are to make it fit a moderately lengthed movie ( 104 minutes ) instead of a 400+ page novel . some of the changes add moderate suspense , keeping the interest of someone who read the novel first . i do question the need for some of the changes - - i do n't know why johnny smith 's psychic abilities required personal contact in the movie ( he could learn things touching people 's clothes or a geographic spot in the book ) , and i did n't think it was necessary of having his tutoree be a younger boy in the movie instead of a teenager as in the book ( this made for what i considered weaker parts of the movie ) . true science fiction is effective because it takes a normal person , puts them in an abnormal situation , and thus investigates the person 's character . due to the time constraints of the movie , it did not as effectively deal with the wrestlings of conscience smith had , but they were not absent either . as a result , the story ( both book and movie ) have a feel of a classic tragedy . this movie is not for children , though it could have easily gained a pg rating ( this movie came out the year before pg-13 was introduced ) . the r rating was gained by one usage of the f-word , a couple of seconds of a revealed breast , and a short gruesome scene involving the death of a character . ( cromemberg has a reputation for gruesomeness in his other movies , like " scanners " , " videodrome " , and the 1986 remake of " the fly " ; this movie had him more subdued , but very effective . ) besides the r-rating , there are aspects of the story ( equally true in the novel as in the movie ) that i find disturbing as a fundamentalist minister . this is because of its dependence on situation ethics . adultery and murder are considered acceptable on the part of johnny smith because of the situations . in spite of these misgivings , i think this was an excellent movie . i think it was worthy of several awards , such as acting nominations for walken and sheen , for adapted screenplay , and for best picture .
camera neg 210.txt i bought this camera two years ago , the pictures were always perfect , even though from the sixth month it started getting stains everywhere , but then i found out that it was normal , not good but it usually happens to this cameras . but the worst of all is tha fact that it displays the error 18 ( e18 ) , the lens gets stock and the camera wo n't work at all . i searched in google about it , because the user guide says nothing about this error , and then i read many reviews that said that there was nothing to do about it and many canon cameras have the same defect.. . i am really mad and dissapointed on canon , i will never buy a camera of this brand , and i would n't recommend it , unless you are willing to buy a camera for 2 years or less and then throw your money to the trash
camera neg 847.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ?
music pos 781.txt no collection of blues / rock is complete without & quot ; a piece of your soul&quot ; . there very simply is not a weak track on the entire disc . from the raunchy ( & quot ; bitter rain&quot ; ) to the uplifting ( & quot ; good day for the blues&quot ; ) to the bittersweet ( & quot ; cynical&quot ; ) to the soft ( & quot ; share that smile&quot ; ) storyville encompasses the entire range of musical expression with a style that is as provocative as it is unique . put this disc on your list of music to have on a deserted island
software neg 847.txt i have had trouble and no satisfaction with this product . i am downloading grateful dead concerts from the internet . i want to turn them into audio or data cds . sometimes i get a whole concert as one giant file ; i want to cut that into tracks and save it . sometimes i get a bunch of tracks ; i want to combine the songs that " go into " one another ( my car stereo inserts a two-second delay between tracks ) . one of the things i want to do is to save the files ( which are mostly mp3s ) in the same bit rate and format as the originals , so i loose as little " music " as possible . the mp3 codec seems to be really buggy . most of the combinations of bit rates and codec strategies create really wacky files : some go 5 / 6 normal speed , others are compressed into chopped up shortened versions of the original . when i pick a combination of settings that work , i usually lose a lot of fidelity as compared to the original ( even when i 'm only combinining four mp3 's into one ) . try cutting one mp3 into two , and then recombining the parts into a whole . no matter what i try , there 's a little click in the place where the two files are joined . this should be an easy thing , since a lot of very basic editing is cutting and splicing . the upshot is , buying this was $40 down the drain . i 'm going to have to find better software for my purposes
camera pos 702.txt i have not yet used an fz30 or fz50 , but i think this thing beats the pants off an fz5 or fz10 as far as image quality is concerned . really nice camera . has a nice dslr type feel . 71% of people that check out the fz20 here actually end up buying the fz7 , ( as of today ) but i do not believe the iq of the fz7 could hold a candle to that of the fz20. buyers may be on the *more megapixel* bandwagon . you can do a lot with 5 megapixels . i have found that the iq of the fz20 is very close to that of a dslr
software neg 323.txt i purchased this product with the hope that it will help me protect my computer without too much overhead and interference . the password manager is quite useless . in more than half the times it did not enter passwords . in cases where it entered passwords , it took about 5 seconds to do so . it also asked me if i want to store passwords repeatedly for the same site . it interfered with the operation . it did not let me go to sites like paypal and charles schwab . when i contacted symantec support , their response is to disable the phishing protection when i want to go to these sites . my quicken started having problems . i had to restore old backups and it took me 2 days to finally figure out that it is confidential that is causing the problems . i would have given this s / w 0 stars if it is possible . now , i uninstalled the software from my computer and have no intention of re-installing it . i ca n't believe that a company like symantec releases software that is so buggy and unusable
music neg 884.txt this air supply should 've been cut off a very long time ago . whenever any of their songs comes on the radio i immediately shut it off . bad ear candy is all they ever recorded . mindless , sappy garbage . even bread 's music was more interesting than this
books neg 374.txt this is j.a. jance at her worst and the readers simpering narrations does n't help
books neg 44.txt nothing in this book was usable for me . okay , very little . if i was trying to write the next _ethan frome_ , then this book would be perfect . instead i write sci-fi and fantasy . i was looking for tips to improve my description of things ; this book recommends describing different things . too much emphasis on metaphor ( which is a wonderful tool but a tad obvious ) . if you want to write in a way people might actually communicate , this book might be a waste of your time . however , poets and pure-literary writers might find it more useful than i did
health neg 495.txt the topmost review described these batteries as " aa in a d package , " which is entirely correct . what certain loser battery brands like energizer do is put a aa battery in a d-sized sleeve , thereby hoodwinking unwary consumers into purchasing an inferior product that holds a much smaller ( approx 2500 mah ) charge than a " normal " d cell ( 9000+ mah . ) fortunately , these bogus d cells are easy to spot if the manufacturer prints the maximum charge on the packaging- -that is , 2000-2500 mah , which is aa cell territory . additionally , the fakes are much lighter than the genuine article- -inside is mostly air . too bad i mistakenly bought a package of these . i 'll have to settle for consoling myself by boycotting energizer for the rest of time . ( ...
books pos 953.txt i was introduced to this book while staying with a friend , and i was hooked . i went home and bought it so that i could finish it . i did n't know much about buddhism before i read this book . ms. boorstein 's stories read a bit like the chicken soup for the soul books . she has short wonderful stories that demonstate current day people practicing the buddha 's teachings . you do not need to be a buddhist to appreciate this book ! it 's very inspirational . since this book , i have read several more books to learn about the teachings of buddha
music pos 43.txt this is one of my favorite releases from common . this chi town warrior crafted an underground release that will bring a vibrant smile to the hardcore hip hop head and even awaken the minds of some of the fake commercial rap artist lovers . songs like i used to love h.e.r and ressurection start the classic album and take you on the road to classic chicago hip hop . not only the lyrics are dope but also the beats and the hooks . this is a pivotal album that needs to be in everyone 's collectio
health pos 716.txt if you do n't like getting attention , these are not for you . i 'm often surprised by people 's astonished reactions to the act of putting them on and taking them off ; i 'm so accustomed to pulling them apart , that i forget how unusual the viewing public finds it . i have been wearing clics for nearly a year . i pretend that i do n't need glasses , but of course i do and have for nearly a decade . popped the standard diopter lenses out , and put in my bifocal prescription . it worked great , despite a warning from my optical shop . ( and even if they had broken from the experiment , the price is right : i could try it again . ) previously i was wearing glasses on a chain . besides the various difficulties noted by another reviewer , i also found that the plastic loops that connect the chain to the arms of the glasses have a bad habit of stretching . then the glasses slip off the chain at inappropriate times and the frames break . i call the color of mine " magenta " - which may or may not be the same as the online " red " - i bought them in a shop ( **gasp** ) . my short hair is not a problem , but i agree that reading in bed does n't work . so i use a different pair for those occasions
dvd pos 81.txt " above the rim " is an entertaining street drama that focuses around kyle lee watson , an inner-city high school basketball player who shows a lot of promise but lets his own arrogance get the best of him . he wo n't listen to anybody who offers him advice on how to improve his game , as he thinks that he is the best player ever . he 's been hoping that his mad skills are catching a college scout 's attention , but he does catch birdie 's eyes when he plays . birdie is a well known gang leader who offers kyle the good life so long as he plays on his neighborhood team in a " shoot-out " basketball contest that means the world to him . kyle- -being impatient as ever- -agrees to join , not seeing the clear danger that is in front of him . a high school security guard with a past knows the danger that birdie presents , and he is the only who has a chance to get through to kyle before it is too late . not only is this a very good basketball movie , but it is also an intense and character-driven drama centered around the choices that we make in life.. . and how we have to live with them in the long run . the film has some great performances from duane martin , marlon wayans and the late tupac shakur . even though everybody is great in their roles , the showstopper is indeed shakur . he gives a very masterful performance that really sticks out and will stay with you long after the movie is over . my only complaint is the length of the movie . it 's true that a movie that runs a little over an hour and a half is n't short , but i think the story and the characters open more possibilities to add on to the movie . i think more opportunities and risks could have been taken to further enrich the story . still , it is a really good movie that did n't disappoint me . the dvd does n't have a whole lot to offer . you can either watch the movie in widescreen or in fullscreen , depending on your preference . the movie looks and sounds very good . the only special features that are offered are movie trailers , and those are n't even that great . i would 've loved it if they included the music video , " regulate " by warren g and nate dogg . in fact , given some of the great rap songs that are in this movie , they could 've included a couple of music videos . it 's not a great dvd , but at least it 's not that expensive . i really enjoyed " above the rim . " it may not be flawless , but it definitely does more right than wrong . the characters are what really dominate the movie . even if you 're not a fan of the game , it 's still something to check out if you 're a fan of character drama . exciting , intense , conflict-driven and full of heart , " above the rim " is a very well done film . -michael cran
camera neg 971.txt we never dropped our camera and until now its still looks fresh and new . and one day , the lens just wo n't open . it lights up then after a few seconds , it turns off automatically . called a up a kodak service center and they gave me a quote for repair . the price they 've given me is close to my purchase price here in amazon ! i 'll never buy a kodak camera again until they come up with a good pricing for repairs . i do believe that all electronic gadgets die at some point . so i 'm expecting a believable quote for repairs . i think kodak is making expensive disposable digital camera
music neg 60.txt i have not heard of or listened to , this cd series , but from the sound of it , its all bad interpretations of popular music . i just want to say that if you want your kids to listen to music and you want to steer clear of the bad stuff.. . play classical music . play stuff without lyrics . play a show on tv where the characters sing . do anything but , buy a cd where people that are n't the original artists sing songs that were never intended to be for kids in the first place . censoring a song or cutting lyrics tends to ruin that song . there are just some songs that are n't good for kids even if you cut out all the bad words . think about this.. . do you really want your kids coming up to you later in their life after hearing the real version of a song and asking you why the song they heard as a kid is so different from the one they just heard on the radio and then having to explain to them that the song they heard as a kid was a clean version of the song ? listen.. . i 'm all for trying to keep your kids away from inappropriate stuff for as long as possible , but cds like this are not the way to go . all they do is make kids think that all music is going to sound just like the music on the cds and when they finally hear the real stuff , they 're gonna be asking questions . do them and yourself a favor and do n't buy these cds
health pos 679.txt my husband and i have one drink of nature 's plus every morning and sometimes at lunch or for dinner . we started out with vanilla . i add a handful of instant oatmeal - 2 baby carrots - a spoonful of peanut butter - 5 ice cubes - 1 cup 1% milk and you 're hooked ! the ice cubes make it like a real shake . i have a vita mix and that realy makes it blend well . i blend for 30 seconds . my husband uses the vanilla with 1 cup of 1% milk - 4 tbs of ovaltine - a handful of oatmeal - a spoonful of peanut butter - 5 ice cubes - blend for 30 seconds and i do n't have to cook ! i like the strawberry . i take a cup of milk ( 1% ) - 6 frozen strawberries - a handful of instant oatmeal - 2 baby carrots - and 4 ice cubes . havenly and very satisfying and losing weight to boot !
music neg 739.txt i mainly bought this album because i was going to see them on this tour . in fact the gig i was at was the opening show on the tour . again , the band uses their patented formula basically creating the same album over and over again . i find most of this album to be very average . actually after listening , this album is not very good at all . the majority of the songs are clich ridden in both music and lyrics . there are a couple of catchy tracks most notably " safe in new york city " which is a bit different but most of this album is cock rock at its most basic . probably one of the bands weakest efforts
music neg 622.txt paul brown is a tremendously talented artist and producer with a wonderful engineering background that allows him to set the standard in smooth jazz for clean production and versatile music . however , content on his latest project , " white sand " is n't musically expressive as the content heard on his first two solo albums . the artist collaborations on " white sand " make it tempting to purchase , but you quickly realize brown 's musical wittiness and versatility ( smooth , latin or r&b ) are lacking . overall it is still a cd worth paying for
dvd pos 981.txt this is a terrific tour of hawaii . the photography is incredible and it shows hawaii 's breathtaking scenery including beautiful beaches on oahu and maui , mt. haleakala and waimea canyon . the music 's great and the narration includes lots of travel tips as you 're completely immersed in a hawaiian vacation - volcanoes , exciting nightlife , surfing , scuba dives and hulas that " were so alluring that the missionaries banned them " . the only person who would not like this dvd simply does n't want to unwind and relax during this fascinating travel guide . after you see this you 'll want to explore this paradise yourself and this dvd will help you plan your trip or your honeymoon
camera pos 514.txt i gave this as an xmas gift to my 14-yr-old daughter and she loves it . super easy to use . good idea to get a backup battery if you 're like her and forget to charge it sometimes . big selling bonus was that it was thin enough to fit into her pocket
camera neg 366.txt i purchased the wp-dc700 underwater case for my a70 and followed the directions exactly , oiling the gasket and cleaning it after each use . it leaked and ruined my month old camera . customer service was rude , blamed me and then tried to bargain with me to fix it for $190 instead of the $280 that they initially requested . the underwater case has a 7 day waranty and the camera is not covered for water damage . my father had a similar problem with his $1000 nikon digital which just stopped working for no aparent reason , they claimed it was water damage and tried to bargain with him to buy a rebuilt one for $500. so beware of bad customer service . canon 's customer service has all bad unreasolved reviews at the better business burea
music neg 490.txt i bought this album after hearing about them from a fellow beach boys fan . i 'm a huge pet sounds fan , but i love all kinds of orchestrated rock from " the left banke " to " beulah . " this album is not that good , people . it 's not even " okay . " there are way better takes on the " brian wilson " ( read : phil spector ) sound . whether it 's " the ladybug transistor " or " the apples in stereo . " heck , check out a great vancouver band called " ashley park " as well . the production on this is so rooted in the eighties / nineties that it 's almost unlistenable . they may be good road musicians but it does n't show on this album , especially since some of tracks use lamo drum loops " a la stone roses . " you would be better off going through the elephant 6 label 's recordings or even merge stuff . to be honest , i did n't even find the compositions that scintillating , regardless of the production . chord and change-wise , they 're interesting....but that does n't make the songs good .
dvd neg 648.txt this animated perversion of star wars is an insult to one of the best sci-fi epics of all times . the characters are utterly rediculus ( seriously , if the jedi were that actually powerful , why did they need the clones ? ) , there is no plotline to speak of , and the entire thing is badly animated and has crappy voice acting . if you want a good build-up to episode iii , i suggest playing star wars : republic commando and reading labyrinth of evil and the other clone wars novels . do n't wast your money on this , it 's not worth it
health pos 860.txt i love the idea of the glasses always being where i can find them . the only problem is they need to also be adjustable for how wide the band is . every time i look up the magnets pop apart . if they fix that , i 'd give them 5 stars ! !
music pos 463.txt i never have understood how some people have an inate quality for music and some don't . well , willie was one of those that definately did . it is hard to imageine the blues without the likes of willie dixon : the writer , the musician , the producer , the businessman . i listen to his work over and over again , each time learning new nuances i did not hear before . how incredible is that
dvd neg 117.txt what a huge disappointment this release is . i was suspecting that it would n't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show , 20th century fox , was the same video company releasing it . well , the first season looks horrible . the source material is all 16mm dupe prints , some parts of which are out of focus , scratched and dirty . in all cases the image is soft and , well , like 16mm . compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea , produced the same year ( 1964 ) and at the same studio as boone , this release is nothing short of a disgrace . we should be given pristine 35mm source material , and we 're not . i suspect fox would n't release the original camera negs from it 's vaults without a substantial fee . anyway , season one of daniel boone is n't worth buying . i have n't seen season two , when the show started filming in color , but i 'm now afraid to look
music pos 93.txt collin has done it again . i did n't think i 'd enjoy a cd as much as his & quot ; the walls came down , & quot ; but & quot ; tracks&quot ; is just great . every song is better than the last . you ca n't go wrong with collin raye and you ca n't find anyone with a better voice . buy this one
music pos 537.txt this is a cd that everyone should have ! there are four great voices and they do country music the way it should be ! lorrie morgan is the best and i like everything on this ! ! buy it and enjoy ! chery
books pos 900.txt as the name implies , this is about the elements of programming style . the examples are a bit dated ( old languages , not c / c++ / java / the-next-great-language ) . but this is n't a *language* programming book , it is about how to write good programs in any language
software neg 550.txt this program sucks . i used it last year and thought that it was unwieldy and really confusing ( i.e. unlike turbotax and other programs , there 's very little transparency in the system ) . then i bought it again this year because the store that i went to was out of turbotax , and i needed to get my taxes done quickly . this year was even worse than last year - not only was it still unwieldy and irritating , but it gave me figures that simply did not make sense . the results for the federal return were ok , but it gave me figures that would have cost me over $2 , 000 in taxes that i did not owe on my state return . i ended up going online to double check my results using a cheap ( $10 ) online service recommended by the ny state tax website . within 45 minutes , i cleared the online source , and got results that made far more sense . i have no idea what happened with taxcut , but i suspect that they may have been missing a field somewhere along the line - this is a problem that has been noted by a number of others in reviews on a variety of sites . i will not be buying this product again
music pos 856.txt i was looking for some nice background nature sounds to have playing while i work throughout the day . this collection hits the spot . great sounds , great variety , great price
camera pos 647.txt amazon is selling this at nearly 50% off ! the eyepieces are great for a beginner and the great case has room for more when you add them . the filters are really cool .
software pos 198.txt all i have to say is 485 comics for 40 dollars . or about 40 years worth . that 's like a dollar a year . you do the math...it 's an amazing deal . also , quality is great and you can print them if you want
dvd neg 484.txt do n't buy this . " from the grave " is overdubbed b / w film without bruce lee in it . the other two are n't great either
software neg 234.txt i was using vcom systemsuite pro 6 and it was working to my satisfaction . but , after i reconfigured my pc to " standard pc " , the software rejected my serial number , claiming i was using the software on another pc . i only own one pc . technical help claimed the serial number has been used on 6 pc's . well , that is totally incorrect because , like i said , i only have one pc and the software cd has never left my house . they have a bug in their serial number checking process . anyway , they would not help me restore the software serial number because i could not furnish proof of purchase . they think i am a crook . i 'm not , i only want what i paid for to work
books neg 383.txt as a student of urban development and politics , i can confidently say that this book is a forgettable work of a parochial mind . davis offers a hardline marxist view of los angeles that , by employing simply economic analysis , does not allow for the intricacies of the city 's problems . class warfare plays a much smaller role in the sprawl of los angeles - - anyone outside of the iso should be discouraged from reading this baseless drivel
books neg 959.txt i purchased this book several months ago . during that time i 've tried several of the recipes - the french lentil soup is very good . the chili and corn biscuit casserole was unappetizing . the chili was so-so and the corn biscuits were too heavy to my taste . the recipe for mushroom , french lentil and chestnut ragu says to " see glossary " for the chestnuts but there 's nothing in the glossary regarding chestnuts . it was n't until i read another recipe ( smoky chestnut and sweet potato soup ) that chestnuts were discussed . the mediterranean salad sounds good on paper but was lackluster . far too much red onion ( which my guests mostly picked out ) . although a number of the recipes are relatively simple there are several with very long lists of ingredients that take too much time and too many utensils to prepare . as someone who works full time , a 20-ingredient recipe holds very little allure , no matter how good it sounds . i had trouble finding some of the ingredients . for example , the author specifies several different types of squash which i have n't been able to locate at any of my local grocery stores or farmer 's markets . the book is organized in menus which are not listed in the table of contents . if you 're looking for a specific recipe you 'll have to spend some time with the index trying to locate it which is not convenient . the author definitely has some good ideas but this book probably will sit on my bookshelf more than on my countertop
books pos 501.txt this book is pitched , at least in part , to linux beginners . but it fails in small , maddening ways when speaking to this audience . after a lot of discussion of disk partitioning and install , page 65 tells you to run the " man " command in a shell session . it offers no clue that the only way to terminate a " man " command is the letter q - a completely unintuitive action . so a new user can flounder forever , or at least until they get frustrated and reboot . but i do n't mean to slam just this book . that same problem exists in most other beginning linux books , even o'reilly 's pocket guide . all these knowledgeable authors seem to think that noephytes will somehow magically gain access to information that the authors have in their heads , but have n't committed to paper . except for that , it 's a very good book .
camera neg 554.txt i gave it two stars because it was great.. . when it worked . i got it sometime in january , and it lasted until about june . i take good care of my things , so i know its not me . it just suddenly *stopped* working . i 'm more than just a little miffed . i 've tried getting all different types of batteries - i 've tried letting it sit for a while . i 've taken it to my friend who works with cameras for a living and had him take it apart and clean it and all sorts of stuff . its dead . i just threw it away
software pos 255.txt i checked around before making this purchase , and amazon had the best price for print shop . i love it , i 've used it for a couple of projects and i have no complaints . it 's like a one stop shopping for all your publishing needs
music pos 121.txt i heard the first beat lp ( & quot ; i just ca n't stop it&quot ; ) in a small town record shop in 1980 and instantly fell in love with this band 's brand of ska / soul / rock . for some strange reason , i never bought & quot ; wha'ppen&quot ; and never got familiar with it . i confess to reading some less than enthusiastic reviews and shying away . of course , i did buy & quot ; special beat service&quot ; and found it to be par excellent . so i ordered & quot ; wha'ppen&quot ; a couple of months ago and it arrived a few weeks back and i 've been wearing it out . damn ! how did i miss this ? this is a great collection of snaky sweet , politically smart songs . & quot ; doors of your heart&quot ; ... i 've loved that song for years.. . and & quot ; too nice to talk to&quot ; has always been a favorite . but every other single song on this cd , including the bonus tracks , is outstanding . these songs are textural wonders . great stinging guitar work and the incredible saxa on his horn make this a stunning recording . i regret not discovering it sooner , but it sure is a nice find after-the-fact . oh yeah.. . one more thing.. . i had the pleasure of meeting dave wakeling in nashville this past summer and he 's a very nice fellow who cares about the people that support him . if he comes to a venue near you , do n't miss the show . you 'll get your money 's worth and more . wear your dancin ' shoes . he is truly one of the great talents of the 80 's and continues to make significant music . he may be the most underrated recording artist of the past two decades . buy this cd . you wo n't regret it . it sounds best in the early evening . i 'm the big oh and i gotta go
health pos 883.txt this is a very good product . it helps prolong the life of the electric razor
camera neg 78.txt i have owned several canon digital cameras and like them very much . i purchased the a520 as a gift for a family member . after several months the lens cover problem that everyone writes about started happening . it would stick paritally open or closed or all the way open . the key word being stick or stuck . i took it to a canon service center and they repaired it under warranty . after trying to use it for the 1st time several weeks later the lens cover was stuck open and would not budge . i took it back to the service center and they repaired it again . while looking at the paperwork after the repair they stated courtesy repair only and not under warranty . it was under warranty and had 90 days from the date they did not repair it the first time . after emailing canon they said to just email them if i have a problem and they would see what they could do . very poor . i like canon digital cameras but wish i had never purchased the a520. i bought it because of it 's low price , which was a big mistake
camera neg 668.txt i have two 8 " picture frames that are other brands , and they are great and i use them for open houses all the time ! i got this one as a gift from a friend , and it is terrible ! ! the instructions are difficult to understand . the wide screen makes everyone in the picture look fat and distorted ! this is a weird size and i am not happy at all ! ! i do n't recommend it
dvd pos 682.txt one of the warmest , most pleasantly lip-smacking film 's ever ! made by a guy with a super-sized heart , america is a joyous celebration of the burger , and the down-home folks who create some of the most wonderfully odd versions of it . take it from someone who has the hamburger america poster hanging up - this little treasure is a home library essential
health neg 733.txt they have to be lubricated several times during a hair cut . my hair is very short and this is unusual . if you do not go over every area of your head at least 5 times you will have tiny haris sticking out . i spent more on these clippers thinking they would be better . i would have been better buying a cheap pair at walmart , which i normally do
camera pos 51.txt this is a good tool , does the job well , and serves the purpose , but is a little overpriced and canon keeps changing connectors , forcing us to buy new accessories which is a wrong practice against the consumer . i give a 4 star because of canon , not because of the product . if you are willing to pay for it , it 's a good product .
camera neg 443.txt cheaply made and ill-fitting , this " deluxe " case is n't worth half the price . there is no handle or wrist strap provided ; your camera 's strap becomes the carry handle . a small , snap-strap is provided , but i ca n't figure out what it 's for.. . the snap is easily unfastened with light pressure , and i would n't trust it to hold the weight of the empty case , much less with the heft of a camera inside . do n't buy this item : amazon will not reimburse you for the return postage , because it 's not their fault you do n't like it.. . and you will be returning it . save yourself the trouble .
camera pos 418.txt i recently purchased this camera . it arrived one day before i was due to fly out to palm springs . i took lots of pictures with this camera and was pleased with all of them except the night time pictures . this may or may not be because i am a novice photographer . even with the night time setting my pictures came out blurry , but all others came out better than i ever expected . i think once i play around with it , my night time pictures will improve , but straight out the box this was kinda disappointing to me . no regrets with this purchase though . also , buy a larger memory stick . the one that comes with the camera only stored 6 pictures and i had to run out and buy another .
music pos 784.txt since sunset boulevard is one of my favorite films , i bought the london cast album long before the musical came to america . patti lapone is the ultimate broadway star , having created the role of evita . her soaring versions of " as if we never said goodbye " , and " with one look " are unmatched . her power and vocal range soar ! all of norma 's songs had to be drastically reduced in vocal range to accomodate glen close 's lack of , ( or nonexistent ) singing ability . in fact , this dvd was unavailabe to the american market during the american run of the musical and was literally pulled from the shelves . perhaps alw did n't want the american audience to hear the masterwork of this production . kevin anderson , a brilliant actor , does not have the operatic quality of alan cambell in the u.s. cast , but he portrayed joe gillis with far more guts and passion . this is not for the lover 's of oklahoma of showboat , but for lovers of more contemporary musicals , this one is perfect
music pos 386.txt this remasted disc is nice with the bonus tracks and spiffed up sound , but the only way top hear aoxomoxoa is to find a original w7 ( warner brothers-seven arts ) green label vinyl pressing . the cd features the 1971 remix ( like the 1989 cd ) in which 1 / 3 of the backing has been stripped like constanten 's prepared backrounds on " what 's become of the baby " , the extra drums and barbershop vocal on " doin that rag " . st stephen lost something in the remix as well . anthem was remixed as well in 1972 but the band was wise to issue the 1968 mix on cd . no hidden goodies on this disc , but the bonus tracks are great
books pos 889.txt the story , walk across the sea , by susan fletcher , takes place at a town near the ocean . white people thought themselves superior to others , especially the chinese . chinese were often looked down upon and shunned , mainly because of their religious beliefs . the lighthouse keeper 's daughter , however , was different from other white people . believing her father 's talks about chinese people in the beginning of the story , the girl , eliza jane , meets a chinese boy around her age . after the chinese boy saves her goat , eliza becomes interested in the boy 's behavior . soon , she learns that everyone may not be as they seemed . this story was rather interesting in a way . the time of the story show how the characters act and think . the story also shows how different some characters are , such as eliza 's father and mother . ( " something moved inside me , like a sudden shift in the wind . " ) eliza was also , in a way , different from other white people . she befriended and showed kindness toward the chinese boy . ( " ` you 'll do him no harm ? i have your word on it ? ' " ) i was also amazed by the twist of the story when the story reveals that the father truly worries about the chinese boy . of all of the stories i have read , i have never found one that was perfect . this story is no different . when the chinese people were driven out of the village by angry white people , i could feel the same shock and anger eliza felt . the story , however , has a few more bad parts . one boy , amos , accidentally broke eliza jane 's nose while trying to find the chinese boy . afraid that he might get in trouble , the boy lied to his father about breaking eliza 's nose . to make matters worse , amos blames the fault on the chinese boy ! ( " i had a mind to shout at him , to tell him to put her down.. . " ) on the other hand , i did not like how eliza acted toward the chinese boy when they first met . when the boy yelled a warning , eliza thought he was trying to scare her off so he could steal her goat . therefore , when the boy was holding the goat , eliza thought that he was taking the goat from her , when what really happened was that the boy saved the goat from a wave . even so , that was not the worst part of the story . ( " ` get you from me , ' he said . ` i ca n't be near you now . get out of my sight ! ' " ) as a father , eliza 's father was expected by me to listen and talk to eliza about her chinese friend , and maybe even understand why she was protecting him . as a result , i was shocked and disappointed in her father when he told her that he did not even want to talk to her ! thankfully , there was nothing worse than this part of the story . ( " terrible things can happen in this world-things you ca n't explain away . it 's not safe here , andrew john . i ca n't promise you 'll be safe . but there are miracles , too-like you . and love . and glories well beyond our knowing . " ) the ending , where eliza talks to her baby brother about life and the chinese boy was my favorite part . it ties everything together and concludes the story about friendship
software neg 501.txt the creators of mia 's reading adventure would be better engaged creating movies and not children 's games . there is just way too much expository and not enough interaction to make this worth your child 's effort . if you 're looking to teach your pre-k / k child reading skills i 'd recommend the blue 's clues games instead . any older children would probably get as frustrated as mine did .
books pos 205.txt dr. mark albion is a consistent and heartfelt- -seemingly lone , sometimes- -voice of responsibility and truth in what 's often a cynical , clutching corporate world . i was energized by his first book , " making a life , making a living ( ml2 ) " and empowered by " true to yourself . " albion builds upon the strengths of ml2 in his most recent title with practical , actionable strategies for transforming your business or career into one of real social value . readers walk away with principles they can start executing tomorrow , and a re-calibrated moral compass by which to measure their progress . and albion lives it : while admittedly starting out with some privilege , he bravely walked away from a tenured position at harvard business school ( simply unheard of ) to follow his heart . to this day , albion continues to shun the easy money , and lives his life by the values he preaches . you can practically count on one hand the number of businesspeople out there who truly walk the talk . whether it be the insatiable drive for " more , " or just the rudimentary economics of opening the doors everyday , any business can very quickly shake you free from your social moorings . if you feel like you 've lost your way , or just need some inspirational words ahead of that next challenge , " true to yourself " is the book for you
health pos 793.txt i love them ! i have a fairly expensive 6 piece lithograph and each piece is about 15 lbs . we were not only able to hang them with minimal damage to the drywall but have them almost perfectly abutting each other
dvd neg 329.txt let me begin by listing all the great things about the movie . 1. it is incredibly beautiful animation 2. the music is amazing 3. i happen to like how the movie is darker than the tv series the things i do n't like about the movie : 1. the characters are not developed at all 2. you get the feeling your only skimming the surface , like a starving person being tost a crumb of bread 3. it almost seems that every seen in the movie was stopped half way through the writting process . ok you may have see that i gave this moive a 2 out of 5 , well that is becuase of the story line and plot.the story line of any movie is much more important to me than the animation . the movie left me with a odd emptiness from begining to end . i just kept thinking there has to be more . but there wasn't . the best way i could describe it would be to say it was as if the movie were a lost child at the carnival that no matter how hard it looked it just could n't find its parents . this movie is for the person who likes action and no character development fluff . but if you are the person who likes well developed characters and story line please do n't buy it rent it first . i 'm not saying its a bad movie by any means , just a bit empty for me.just one more thing the escaflowne series is very very good do n't let any bad reviews of the movie discurage you from getting the series
books pos 688.txt this is for my daughter-in-law and she was very happy with it . it will help in her work
books pos 931.txt this is a superb book for anyone who wants to learn more about futures and options , especially with specific examples to energry trading . it is quite easy to read and very understandable for anyone untrained in finance jargon
books neg 950.txt although a majority of readers obviously loves this book , i have to say that it really seemed like a waste of money to me . our only daughter left for college this year , but fortunately i have trained her in time to be independent . if your kid does n't have a clue how to live in the real world and if if you 're still willing to do everything for them and not have them take responsibilities for their own lives , this book is right for you . not in my dreams would i have made lists for her what to take because she can well do this herself ! i do miss her and she misses us but that does not mean clinging dependency ! i expected different things from this book , on a deeper psychological level
software neg 910.txt since most of the complaints are from recent switchers i went ahead and bought this because most of their problems do n't apply to me ( running on powerpc , no old data to transfer ) , and because intuit offers a 60 day money back satisfaction guarantee . oh , and i downloaded it from their site , saving like 5 bucks . here 's the thing . the qfx file that quicken uses to get data from financial institutions is restricted . my bank offers the download , so i can get the file just fine . however , part of quicken 's import process is an internet check with the bank to see if they " support " mac users . by support , all that really means is the bank pays quicken to allow mac users to import their qfx files . if not , you get an error message saying to try the import again later . there is a hack floating around the ' net that invloves changing some of the text in the qfx file , and it works . but there are cheaper alternatives out there that support the format ( moneydance is one ) with no fuss . aside from this issue , the interface is really bad . it looks like a check register . if i wanted a glorified spreadsheet in the shape of my checkbook , i would have made one . the program is not even close to intuitive , which means if you dislike / avoid tracking your finances like me this software will scare you away pretty effectively , making your purchase pointless . lastly , the customer support is really very bad . you basically get canned responses that do n't even really address the questions you ask , in semi-broken english . i 'm sure that someone with banks that have mac supported qfx , tons of patience , and is predisposed to dealing with accounting minutiae would find this program useful / powerful . for me , all the advanced features in the world do n't matter if i ca n't even use the most basic ones
software pos 938.txt i first heard about this product in a bad review of a different software product for converting lps to cds . after a little research , i decided to try this product of the many that are out there . this software is not expensive and for me , it does what i expected it to do . it is easy to set up and use , and i am using it with an audio-technica pl120 turntable . the first lp i converted was stevie wonder 's innervisions , and with this album in particular , the songs run together , i.e. there is no separation between the tracks . this software allowed me to create fairly accurate tracks so i could access individual songs . i also cleaned up some background noise with the " one click " noise reduction , and the music from this old album sounds great . this is my first software for this purpose so unfortunately i cannot compare it to others . what i can tell you is that it is inexpensive , easy to use , and it does what it says it will do
camera pos 335.txt i had 2 rebel cameras so it just made sense for me to pick up this digital camera and attach my old lenses . while i had owned other digitals i keep going back to my old rebel , until now . we got the back up battery pack . my husband and i love it
dvd pos 218.txt this dvd gives a very good 60 minute workout . as others have pointed out the cardio is very dancy . the first time i did it , i felt a bit awkward with the steps , but when i did it the second time i was able to follow along with no problems . the dance moves are a fun change up from my usual routine . if someone like denise austin were leading this one , i do n't think i would play along . minna is by far my favorite instructor , so i go along with it and it ends up being a fun workout . i would n't want to do this every day , but it is good to have something different in the rotation . i think the toning section is excellent . i am not looking to bulk up . i just want my body to firm up and look better when i wear shorts and a tank top . i like how she combines upper and lower body exercises . it 's easy to follow and you feel like you hit every muscle area in 30 minutes . i use 3 pound weights at this point and i can see where in the future i might be buying 4 pound weights . minna is a great instructor . she has excellent cueing and is very encouraging . she is never annoying . i also have her optimizer - balanced blend dvd and i love that one .
music pos 562.txt i had first bought the " here and now " hoping to hear the original recordings , but was slightly disappointed that on that cd the older songs were live performances only . if you want their hits as you remember hearing them on the radio or your old album that may be trashed , this is the cd for you
books pos 918.txt this is a very thorough , very exhaustive look at the life of the sixth president of the united states , and while it may not be as easily readable as , say , david mccullough 's & quot ; truman&quot ; , it is certainly less dry and slow-going than most scholarly works . if you 're looking for a full-life biography of monroe , one that truly informs you on the subject and does not simply dramatize the story of a historical figure 's life , this is an excellent choice . if you 're looking for light reading with a historical basis , this is definitely not what you 're looking for
books neg 391.txt native tongue by carl hiaasen this book is fast paced , has a lot of energy , and a zany weirdness . no doubt , it is a page-turner . and it is better than the other book of hiaasen 's i have read , double whammy . but all that does not a good read make.. . a strength of hiaasen 's books are his characters , well defined and numerous . most are straightforward stereotypes , from the out-of-luck journalist-turned-publicist , the vapid sex-phone girlfriend , a steroid-doped strongman , the crude-and-sleazy millionaire bad-guy , a muscular-but-clear-minded black good-guy cop , to the dumb-but-intrinsically good-guy burglars , and loads of redneck florida " crackers " . hiaasen makes this cast interesting by having them jump through zany hoops , and by casting two characters that are quite original , an environmentally-militant 70+ aged woman , and an environmentally-crazed former-governor-gone-wildman . and we meet psychotic whales and sex-starved dolphins . etc. etc. so what 's wrong . mainly , it 's that the book stays at a level of tv-sitcom-gone-book . it achieves zero depth in dealing with any subject . one might think that the exception is the environment , but the story is so inane that it cannot achieve traction even here . so perhaps native tongue is just pure entertainment ? if you like brainless action , gratuitous violence , gross humor , and zany " fun " , native tongue might satisfy . i have one additional problem with hiassen , and it 's similar to the problem i so often have with michael crichton . these books stink of hypocrisy . crichton makes a ( seriously good ) living off nifty science ideas while constantly bashing that same science . hiassen 's heroes work hard to rise out of the trash heap of modern society , but hiaasen 's writing routinely wallows in that same trash heap for supposed laughs and zaniness . while i enjoyed a few sections of native tongue , i had no doubts at the end that i had wasted many hours that should have been better spent
dvd pos 978.txt this dvd 'd ok . it has the original program in it , and some new features . although i was a bit dissapointed as the new features , only included about 10 mins of extra buzzer beaters , and the t.mac ending goes for like 5 mins , and the quality isnt that great
camera neg 483.txt bought this to get short vid clips of my daughter to post on her page , so i didnt think i would need anything with uber high quality . but didnt realize just how poor the quality was on this one . in low light conditions it is horrendous even with the night shot on , and in good lighting it is barely adequate . wish i hadnt spent the money on this and memory card...should have put out the dough to get something a bit nicer . you get what you pay for
camera neg 278.txt ok , i was hasty in this purchase . at first glance it seemed a small price to pay for a camera case...about $14 , shipping included . then i got the camera case and found the dimensions somewhat lacking in the space requirement for the camera i ordered . you see , the dimensions listed under " more details " are for the outside of the case , not the inside ( but it does n't say interior nor exterior , just gives dimensions ) . turns out , not only do you have to click " more details , " ( fine print ) you also have to click " more technical details . " ( finer print ) wish i had now . just wasted $9 for shipping on a 6 oz camera case . electrogalaxy will not refund shipping charges , and they charge a %20 restocking fee . so , at most , after i pay return shipping , ( the case is only $4 ) i might get back $2. so , yeah i was hasty , but i was also robbed
software pos 718.txt great for managing your basic accounts and finances . easy to use . worth the price . interacts well with online banking services
dvd neg 748.txt ok , so most of the reviews i read for this film said how great it was , well i for one think those opinions are based on the fact that young men and some women who enjoyed it mainly thrived on the sight of seeing angelina 's breasts . the acting was poor , the script was stupid , and the sets were lame . i have seen some pretty bad movies in my time ( ie killer kondom ) but this one took the cake. . i would watch tromavision flicks over this one any day . save your money . if you want to see a good sci fi type movie watch ones that have been in the box office for more than a week ;
music neg 787.txt to those of you interested in this cd in lieu of finding the & quot ; songs with lyrics&quot ; in the movie ice age , got bad news for you . they are not here ! i really do hate it when a soundtrack is put out for a movie and they do n't include the best or features songs in the movie . anyway , the song that pretty much everyone wants when manny , sid , diego and the baby are together and walking towards half peak is called & quot ; send me on my way&quot ; by rusted root . it is on their latest album & quot ; when i woke&quot ; . put rusted root in the amazon search engine and you should find it . hope this helps those looking for this song
books neg 862.txt ivalooshun is skary . i red the bibel . the bibel saez ivalooshun is bad . ivalooshun shud go away . i red wer sumwun saed the werld goez arund the sun but that is a lie . luk in the ski and yu can see the sun goe arund the werld . monsters is skary to . monsters shud goe away
music pos 741.txt the fisrt cd is alot better than this one , but this one is still okay . i only liked one song on this disc and it is . track 4. will the circle be unbroken / i 'll fly away / jesus loves me . do n't get me wrong the music is beautiful , but i think the first one is alot better
software pos 477.txt i became a committed user of onenote in its orginal version in 2003. the new 2007 version seems to improve somewhat on this product 's functionality . i use onenote as a depository for research information collection . i can create any number of notebooks and subdivide each into any number of sections and subsections , which allows me to put information where i want it . i recommend that people who collect information in one form or another give onenote a try .
music pos 942.txt i am not sure about my baby , but i love this cd ! actually baby loves it too but probably not to that great extent . : -
camera neg 15.txt as a professional photographer , i find myself going through 5-6 of these cords each year . my equipment is my livelyhood and although it is used often , i am exceptionally careful with all of my gear and do not bang it around or abuse it . i use a stroboframe which makes it necessary to use this cord to raise the flash well above the focal plane of the camera . these cords are very expensive to get just a few months out of them . eventually , the hot shoe connector will either become loose and the connection will no longer function or the plastic connector will break and your flash unit will fall to the ground . ( this has happened twice to me and fortunately i was able to catch the flash unit ! ) the cord is indespensible if you need it , but contact canon usa and ask them to reengineer this cord or expect to replace them every few months
books neg 260.txt i agree with a number of previous reviewers . grimassi stretches a poor understanding of historical context to fit into what he bounces between & quot ; wicca&quot ; and & quot ; witchcraft&quot ; . wicca is not an old religion , indeed it is not much of a religion at all . it has always lacked definite theology ( what is the saying about ask three wiccans what they believe and you 'll get four answers.. . ) and grimassi does more damage than good by presenting historical materials is non-scholarly lights . in fact , the book is poor on all accounts . from confused terminology to & quot ; chopping&quot ; of source materials . this is a waste of money
health neg 280.txt i got the machine for my fat , muscle and water analysis as well as my weight . after 1 month of use it only shows the weight . the scale no longer works properly . it no longer shows anything else but the weight . it was a waste of money
software pos 90.txt i loved the x-men cartoon in the 90s and fox , and always liked reading the graphic novels in barnes and noble and the like . however , i just never had the time or money to get into it like i wanted . this collection is a great way for us beginnings to understand the depth of the mythology and see the transformation of the series over the years . reading the first 60 issues was a trip - - seeing how the characters were developed , both the art and their literary personality . if you 're interested in the x-men , whether from the new movies or just from being a kid at heart - - for 40 bucks you can know it all . ( almost )
software pos 596.txt i do a lot of work out of town and in other states , so i am constantly in unfamiliar or different places . this gps has saved me tons of time and within the next two months will probably have paid for its ' self in saved mileage that i used to spend looking for places . i have recommended it to everyone that i have talked to . it 's great , i will never have to mapquest or ask for directions again . another great microsoft product
software pos 421.txt easy tax preparation and lots of information , videos , and help . i even bought stock in intuit because i also use their quicken product . awsome products.. . no wonder microsoft had their eye on it before
software neg 163.txt when i first installed the program i was able to access the images , but since that first time i haven't . my operating system is xp and i do n't know if that is the problem with the software . i have since then uninstalled it . i did not think this product was very easy to use
camera neg 232.txt not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for !
health pos 640.txt my wife loves this ! it was not too expensive , and she really has been very appreciative , esp for her eye makeup
music neg 831.txt this cd was supposed to expose a new side of dar willams , it has failed to do this . the lyrics , and songs are repetitive of previous works . i would suggest buying something else
software neg 212.txt microsoft office can be handy to have . the files you can open , edit and create with it ( most notably .doc , .xls , and .ppt ) are probably the closest to universal compatibility among all your high quality options . it 's ( relatively ) intuitive . it has a pretty broad array of useful functions . it 's also obscenely expensive , considering the fact that you can get all of these things - - .doc , .xls , and .ppt ; intuitive interface ; and functionality - - for free . i hunted up openoffice two years ago when i decided several hundred dollars was an insane price to pay for the ability to write papers , make basic presentations , or put together spreadsheets . i was looking for basic functionality , but i was pleasantly surprised ; openoffice does most of the neat tricks , too . ( actually , it has a neat trick microsoft can never replicate : it 's open source , so it can respond to the needs of individual users . you just say " add this neat trick ! " and someone will likely be able to do it for you . ) it is possible that microsoft office has some killer feature you absolutely must have that openoffice doesn't . but considering the price differential , i would n't splurge on this before checking .
music pos 529.txt being quite the fan of grace slick , jefferson airplane , and other 60s groups , i bought this album only having heard two songs on it- - " daydream nightmare " and " outlaw blues " . at first i was a little puzzled- -the great society sounded different than any band i 'd ever heard before . after listening to it about two more times , i realized this uniqueness was a good thing ! they sound a little rougher than your average 60s band , and they were- -grace , her first husband , and her brother-in-law assembled this band out of a few of their friends and it only was around for about a year . the great society definitely is n't a band for everyone , but if you love interesting-sounding music , want to hear some of the earlier forms of psychedelic rock , or are just curious about how grace slick sounded before the *smoother* recordings of jefferson airplane , this is the band for you ! a quick review of all the songs : sally go ' round the roses : a great way to open this cd . pay special attention to the instrumental break in the middle- -it 's amazing ! ( any time this group does an instrumental solo , it will be very good . ) did n't think so : in my opinion , one of the weaker songs on this album , but a fine song just the same . grimly forming : an overall fantastic song to listen to with intriguing lyrics and another great instrumental section . ( i love the tambourine- -it adds an interesting air to the song . ) somebody to love : yes , here it is- -the original version of the jefferson airplane hit , written by darby slick , grace 's brother-in-law . this has a much less *psychedelic* sound than the ja version , but they 're both equally as good . father bruce : this is a very catchy song written about lenny bruce as if he were a preacher . fun to sing along with . outlaw blues : this is a cover of a bob dylan song , i think . grace 's voice on this is incredible . often as i may : another fun song that 's almost as catchy as father bruce . arbitration : this song is mostly some great instrumentals but features some singing from david minor ( he did rhythm guitar , i believe . ) white rabbit : yup , another original version of a ja song ! this song 's about 6:20 because there are 4 minutes of great guitar / sax playing at the beginning . almost better than the ja version ! that 's how it is : a cheery song with fun words . you 'll definitely be singing this one aftewards . darkly smiling : this is another " weak link " on the cd . ( there are n't many , thankfully ! ) it does have some interesting lyrics , though . nature boy : grace 's singing / recorder playing make this song memorable . you ca n't cry : this is a fun rock song , with the usual great guitar playing from darby slick . daydream nightmare : this is one of the more *psychedelic* and dark songs on the album , with great bass and guitar playing and more of grace 's recorder . this is definitely not a song to skip over . everybody knows : also a fun rock song , and yes , another catchy one . born to be burned : this song is a little less exceptional , but it does have a good bass line , and some good guitar . father : a fantastic way to end the album ! this song is a nearly-seven minute long instrumental that builds up to an amazingly frantic crescendo . not a song that will keep you bored
dvd pos 91.txt this movie is full of memorable scenes , although it 's probably been more than a decade since i last saw it . it 's suspenseful without being gory...the most memorable scene is one that is absolutely chilling without ever showing a drop of blood . and even though i 'd read the book and knew the outcome i was on the edge of my seat right to the finish
dvd pos 55.txt this movie is possibly one of the best movies i have ever seen . christopher nolan is a genius along with all of his other movies . this movie is very unique and will never get old
dvd pos 443.txt the transfers of the 5 movies found here are worth every penny ! we grew up watching these on philadelphia 's channel 17 with show host dr. shock and the creature double features back in the mid 70's . the pictures were always so dark and grainy , well not anymore folks ! universal has done an amazing job on the picture clean-up and sound restoration ! bright and crystal clear along with wonderful sound ! also a very nice fold out dvd holder ! the theatrical trailers were transferred in their original release condition which will allow you to compare how good of a job was done on the restoring of the movies to dvd ! do n't wait to long in purchasing your set at a cheap price , they have already disappeared off of store shelves in our area !
camera pos 867.txt i enjoy the convenience of a point and shoot digital camera . my minolta dimage x ( about 15% small in size than this camera ) had reached the end of its useful life , having been around for about 5 years . the minolta had a 3 / 4 " screen on the back . ( this one has a 2.5 " screen - great colors ) the best feature i liked about my old camera was the fact that there was not a telescoping zoom lens . i do n't like the fact that a part that needs to move so often has the possibility to get gummed up and dirty . therefore , i was excited that this camera had an internal zoom . tonight i was at a bulls game , in the 300 section ( nose bleed ) , and was able to zoom in and get a individual photo of kirk hinrich . the 3x optical zoom is incredible , but more so incredible is the digital zoom . i was also able to zoom into the jumbotron , and it looked as crisp as if i was taking the photo directly . action shots are great . low light shots are great ! it is exactly what i was looking for
software pos 737.txt it 's quite a bit slower than version 7. but it looks really good and the form designer has been improved by leaps and bounds
health neg 314.txt upon purchasing this product , i 'd hoped it would be equivilant to the product i normally purchase at the salon . i was horribly disappointed . it was nothing at all like the typical product , rather much more like water . the normal scent was not present , the product made my hair greasy and my head itched all day long . i would very much like to return this . it 's not at all the same product that is purchased at the salon . i was sorely disappointed
camera neg 398.txt the article that receipt is difrente to that of the photo that appears . the conector to the camera is not usb / fire wire , but it is a type nini stereo
software pos 926.txt the upgrade presents a good value for a vista-compatible product that includes improvements to ease of use , particularly for combining documents into a single pdf .
health neg 791.txt we received it with broken cover . it did n't work properly and stopped running every hour . we tried different ways to make it run , but nothing worked . we 've returned it . it 's just waste of money . on the other hand the cow-humidifier which we bought at the same time is fine and running well . no complaints
health pos 298.txt i recently purchased this lumbar support cushion as a gift for my father this past christmas . i am a physical therapist , and have over 5 years of experience dealing primarily with the mechanics and mechanisms of low back pain and disc dysfunction . i have tried out many cushions over the years , and from my experience , this product is as good as any higher-priced product of the same intent . the composite board insert allows for a consistent shape to be maintained , so the cushion does not yield as easily to body weight over years of consistent use , and the burgundy cover is removable and washable . it is also an excellent size for the average-sized person ( my dad is approximately 5'9 " , ~170 lbs . ) . it provides good side-bolster support as well for an added feeling of comfort around the outiside of the lower back . i highly recommend this cushion when placed in comparison of other similar products . most of the other products out there that are in contention with this one are composed of unnecessary additives , like a massager , ribbing on the contours of the cushion , etc. i 've found that simply maintaining good posture ( not only in sitting , but all activity ) allows for so much more freedom from pain and simple ease back into daily life . again , i highly recommend this product to anyone out there searching for an answer to help alleviate low back pain ; however , i must caution that commercial products are not a cure-all to one 's problems . it 's always possible to alleviate the pain and symptoms , but other steps are necessary in terms of fixing the problem . i highly recommend seeking out professional care from a physical therapist , as it is more than likely necessary that one would need ( at least ) proper education and intevention to help one to get better .
books neg 66.txt i am a woman and was extremely offended at the portrayel of black men in this book and in the movie . the work offers no balance whatsoever which feels like a slap in the face . one black male in this book could have been something other than weak or cruel . it is no wonder spielberg was eager to take on the project and white people are going to the theater in droves . the castration of the black male has always been their main attraction , apparently oprah 's as well
dvd neg 227.txt ... for giving every dance studio and popular dance genre the hope that they too can be the " next riverdance " . the dancers are all talented , if self-consciously hip , and in great shape . but the numbers that focus more on t & a than fancy footowrk really did this show in for me . i love it when risks are taken with conventional dance forms , but ballroom dance is ott enough ( if you 've ever watched a competition ) and does n't need to be tarted up beyond recognition , the way it is here . add the disjointed lighting and editing effects and what you have is a hot mess
camera neg 157.txt this backpack was very uncomfortable . the inserts are stiff . it does n't represent canon quality ( i hope )
books pos 294.txt this book was great . it read well and never was too slow . it was fair to both sides of the war and the leaders who fought the battles and planned the campaign . it was complete in that it discussed the men , tactics , weapons , and terrain in the southern campaign . not only was this book a great souce for the southern war but it also gave good insight into the revolutionary war in general . if you 're interested in this topic and want to increase you 're knowledge of the southern war , get this book . it 's informative as well as pleasing to read
software pos 964.txt this product did an excellent job of figuring our taxes . this is the first time we 've tried something like this and found it very easy to follow and complete . you can go back and change things or review them , it gives you a way to e-file , you can print out all the copies that you may need . i was surprised how easy it was to use . however it took us a long time because we read all the items very carefully and double checked everything but it saved us a lot of money from what we used to pay our tax preparer . i was very happy with it
health pos 826.txt i have a pretty complicating sleep schedule because of my graveyard shift at our local convenient store , with school and all it 's kind of hard keeping my sleep schedule straight . i 've tried many sleep aids and this one worked the best for me , no grogginess which is totally awesome for the days i have class early !
health neg 422.txt before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . i have a number of older cross pens that say " usa " near the top , and they are great pens . however , i have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . the top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . the first one i got , i sent it back to cross for warranty repair under their " lifetime guarantee , " only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a " handling fee " attached . i was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . so later on when some new colors came out , i bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect . my advice : if you want a good cross pen , go to the secondhand store and buy one that was made in usa . they are n't making them the same anymore .
health neg 409.txt i like how quickly the rollers heat - a vast improvement over waiting at least half an hour . however , like the other reviewer said - i absolutely hate the clips . they are all one size , so they are too large for the smallest rollers . i also do n't like them because they do n't keep the roller still like the " u " shaped clips did , and they leave a dent impression in my hair . i do n't recommend them primarily because of the clip system
dvd neg 540.txt while visiting some family in utah a few years ago we decided to rent a few movies to pass the unforgivably hot mid-summer weather . we ended up renting " analyze that " and boy , what a mistake that was ! we were expecting at least a mildly funny sequel to 1999 's " analyze this . " the potential was there , it 's not as if writers ( of course it 's never a good sign to see numerous writers ) peter tolan , peter steinfeld , and harold ramis did n't have decent material to work with ; robert deniro , billy crystal , lisa kudrow , and a funny and entertaining plotline regarding mobsters and therapy . however , this being hollywood and all , another sequel was botched . it 's because of movies like these that sequels have such a bad reputation . despite a few genuine laughs in the first twenty minutes or so regarding deniro and some " fish out of water " situations , the movie seemed to go downhill soon after . the jokes became few and between as the film laboriously plowed its way through an over-the-top heist setup and execution that felt about as inspired as " crossroads . " now either they ran out of jokes , they did n't have enough time to invest in an actual story , or the material itself has been played out in so many different ways already ( " the sopranos " , " the whole 9 yards " , " mickey blue eyes " , etc. etc. ) , that there was simply nothing left to write about
software neg 603.txt i was expecting the nero 6 ultimate all in one instead i received nero oem suite . the mpeg 4 encoder they claim is not included instead there is a thirty day trial . better business bureau should be notified
music pos 393.txt i have seen joe many years ago when he had played in a group called bloodline and he is even better now
music pos 894.txt i borrowed this cd from a public library , having liked the track " crazy life " on the empire records soundtrack , and i was immediately blown away by how consistently good coil is the whole way through . it is their most mature album , full of gentle emotion and idealism , and puts the listener in a good mood . glen phillip 's voice is unique , confident , and beautiful . i fell in love immediately with " rings " and " dam would break " . the haunting and beautiful harmonies captivate . " little buddha " is so different but so good as well . after i got coil , i bought two of toad 's older albums : fear and dulcinea . both are really good , but something keeps drawing me back to coil . it is achingly beautiful , vibrant , thoughtful , and pleasurable . it is hearing toad at their best .
music pos 642.txt more like 3.5. so . half of this album is excellent . the rest is filler . but , due to " times like these " , " all my life " , disenchanted lullaby ( the intro irritates me but it gets better ) , " have it all " ( kinda sappy but i love the intro ) , " low " ( have you seen the video ? ) and " overdrive " ( again , kinda sappy but there 's something about it i love ) , the album is pretty enjoyable . it does n't compare to the first three , but it has its moments . the riffs are slightly heavier , most songs are pretty upbeat . " times like these " is an instant classic with awesome lyrics , while " all my life " rocks harder than pretty much all previous songs . kinda sucks how the best songs are / were singles , but if they had released other songs , no-one would buy the album . mind you , my friend loves " burn away " , so listen to the previews and make your own mind up
dvd pos 131.txt john waters is a very brilliant and odd film director . he brings camp , trash , filth , humor and morality to all of his movies , pushes peoples buttons , goes farther than most dare ( and then some ) isnt afraid of being censored and does what he does and to me thats brillance . true alot of people will think his work is tasteless stupid and gross but thats the whole point ! lol ! people who dont have a sense of humor or who are not open minded will not like his movies . these are not for right wing conservatives but they should see them ( especially a dirty shame ) to broaden their minds a little more . my personal favorites are pink flamingos , a dirty shame , female trouble , polyester and desperate living . serial mom is also a fav but not in this collection . he has come from underground trash to queen of filth , trash and crudeness and for not being afraid of being bold , outlandish , outspoken and bizzar , i applaud you john waters . brillant
music neg 990.txt there 's always the argument that if bach had had a modern piano , he would have composed for it . let 's consider another possibility : if some style-insensitive time machine had delivered a piano to bach 's doorstep , he might have tried it out and rejected it as a bad idea , since it so obviously fails to serve the paramount musical ideals that inspired the high baroque composers . for listeners who understand what bach meant by equal temperament , it 's worth noting that the standard temperament of the modern piano bears no close connection to what bach was trying to demonstrate in these " pedagogical " compositions . in other words , the point is lost .
software pos 505.txt why buy the upgrade when you can buy the full version ? basically cause it was cheap . you will see , old version , new version , 10.4.6 , 10 , 4 , 8 and so on . i just bought the old version and installed the latest update . now i am up to date and for a lot less money which meant i could spend the extra cash on more software for my mac . as far as performance , no faster than jaguar or panther . the benchmarks say faster but if you stare at the screen in any version , the 10 nano seconds you save are not noticable . you will encounter drive issues at some point as this version appears to have issues more often . this seems to be due to the new journaling scheme but i cannot back this up . if possible i recommend you erase the drive you are installing to . in the disk utility , select the erase tab , and then the security button , select the zero out data option . note : you cannot erase a drive but only a volume . this will clear out any corrupt data and pinpoint any bad or damaged sectors . the main reason i wanted this was for the widgets . they are a blessing . calculator , thesarus , package tracking , and many more . tiger only comes with about a dozen widgets but in the widget configuration button , you will see the more widgets option . you will be directed to hundreds of others widgets for immediate and free installation . my favorite is the weather and radar widget as i work outdoors a lot . i am able to quickly see the latest radar and plan my week , all by press f12. no need to interupt what i am doing on the mac as the widgets will pop up in my layout and my activities stay active . click any area other than a widget and they hide away . if you want to wait for a version of the osx that allows you to write your own widgets without taking a programming course , wait for leopard
music neg 864.txt this cd should not have been released because it adds really nothing to this jarrett quartet 's other three releases . it 's like taking a fat paint brush full of cheap house paint and making a greasy mess of what was a very beautiful triptych . " belonging , " " my song , " and " nude ants " are all virtuoso , spiritually empowered performances and should by all means be purchased and enjoyed . but , i 'd go nada on this one if i were you . i was sitting with my 88-year-old mother listening to the last track and complaining about how lame it was and she said it was " hum-drum . " and she 's 88 , likes lawrence welk and it was past her bedtime . ( it 's past " late night willie 's " bedtime too , i hate to tell you . ) heck , i 've heard high school jazz bands cook twice as hot as this " keith and the somnambulists " incarnation . garbarek sounds like he 's going to give himself a hernia trying to get out the altissimos . i ca n't think of one interesting drum riff in the whole 61 minutes plus . ( neither can christensen . ) les scandinavianes sound like they need about 10 hours sleep and then , maybe , they start thinking about picking up musical instruments . jarrett is as wired as ever , but even he ca n't keep up with some of the tempos and the overall mood is disoriented , forced and cumbersome . how any reviewer can say that this release captures the quartet 's tight integration , displayed amazingly well elsewhere , is beyond me . with the exception of " innocence , " none of the compositions are very good , either . " oasis " has an interesting , if dire , melody line , but it ca n't summon the required ambience because of all of the clutter and dog poop around it . unlike the other three releases mentioned above , this one has very little magnetism - the first track is all rambling rose jazz , where none of the musicians are feeding off each other . i do n't enjoy this kind of jazz , so cliched and unintegrated . it contains that jarrettian need to rush things and gang jump the tempo with heavy-handed neurosis peddled as jazz fusion . you feel like some nut in a bmw is suddenly sitting 10 inches off your bumper , too demented to use the passing lane . ( yes , i know keith has mastered his scales and likes to crack knuckles with tempos and , yes , i now have a headache . ) there is an interesting part at the end , however , where garbarek cuts way back on the throttle and swaggers around in the lower and upper registers of his tenor sax in some nice ways . but the transition is contrived at best and bears no organic relation to the first part . only " innocence " benefits from the fact that these guys are probably taking a red eye flight to new york soon . it is a beautiful lullabye , arguably jarrett 's best composition . true , the " nude ants " version is all you need really , but something happens on this version of the song that is very special . jarrett puts in one of his best , if not his best , jazz piano performances . the composition is perfectly suited to his virtuosity and sensitivities and the somnambulists , who are still pulling a code 9 , ca n't screw it up even if they want to . ( there is a halo around keith jarrett 's head i bet you . ) garbarek ( somnambulist #1 ) plays the melody with a lot of heart , but he screws up the tempo in a very brief , weak improvisation . the man is tapped , knows it and decides it 's time to end the song . palle danielsson ( somnambulist #2 ) misses a lot of notes ( doubly bad on double bass ) and goes off into an ill-conceived , top-heavy improvisation right at the beginning of the song . like garbarek , he knows enough to stop and retreat , letting jarrett take over . i ca n't remember a dang thing about somnambulist #3 ( christensen ) . but jarrett 's effort cannot be touched and he plays like a true wizard . a week later at the village vangard ( " nude ants " ) , they 'll all be playing at this level . if anything , i 'd like to see the pm version of " innocence " included in a compilation of the best concert performances by this quartet rather than a whole release of this mediocre concert . for the most part here , we get hum-drum mountains , where many of the great riffs from the releases mentioned above are handled like a shaky old butler serving up tea , with people getting burned and tablecloths getting ruined . in particular , garbarek 's performance on " nude ants " is far superior to this one and maybe the mean streets of greenwich village got his " norwegian up . " maybe they were n't so sure if they were going to make it back to the hotel alive - new york used to be like this you know - and , well , it just might be your last gig . on " personal mountains , " it 's all polite " thank yous " and japanese clapping robotically . not a tinkling glass of booze in the whole schmooze . not even a bonze meditating for more . but , that manfred eicher , such a card , i tell you .
music neg 500.txt i tried to listen to samples of the songs and you have them all wrong . i click on one song and get another from on the list . what gives anyway
books pos 537.txt i 'm not a huge fan of this genre of music , but as a very part-time musician , this book was recommended by a fellow friend and musician . i liked this book alot and found it education and entertaining , even if the subject matter was not of immense interest . this is definitely not the fault of the author , who did a fine job of making this subject engaging . thus , i found the read illuminating to no small degree . i learned alot about the roots of punk , how it spread and rose , and the end of it . by correctly defining the terms of the book " the indie years " , we only see what happens to the bands in their formative years . once they sign with a major label , their story is ended . this was both a good idea and frustrating one , as we see the birth and growth of bands , but not what happens to them ( in most cases ) once they hit a major label . frequently , signing with a major label creates / expands both the zeniths and nadirs for a band and i would have liked to have known what happened from there . regardless , this book is well-written and a great read for any person who likes the bands included in the book .
dvd pos 150.txt tim burton offers the most charmingly off-beat yet visually sumptuous movies in hollywood . from his stop-animation work ( " the corpse bride " ) to dark romances ( " edward scissorhands " ) to horror ( " sleepy hollow " ) , burton never fails to offer feasts for the eyes that manage to make you squirm just a bit uncomfortably - all the right notes are there , but some are played just off-key enough to create the thrill of tension . perhaps no other director was so suited to film roald dahl 's most famous work , " charlie and the chocolate factory , " and remain true to the author 's vision . most people associate the tamer , goofy " willie wonka and the chocolate factory , " starring gene wilder , with dahl 's tale , but forget that dahl had a healthy streak of lemony snicket sensibility to him . so it is perfect that burton makes a darker , more dangerous film for all to enjoy . the visuals in " charlie " are astounding . the chocolate waterfall and river look like actual liquid chocolate ( not the icky brown water of " willie wonka " ) , and the squirrel-nut-sorting room is a classic of mind-blowing set design . and that is not all - oh , no , that is not all ! possibly the most visually stunning element in " charlie " is willie wonka himself , played by burton favorite johnny depp . depp sinks so deep into his roles that he becomes one with them , and one wonders what inspired depp 's quirky , nervous , mean-spirited , selfish concoction . depp plays wonka as tight as he plays jack sparrow loose , and he never misses a note . but whereas gene wilder 's willie wonka was more genial puppetmaster , depp 's wonka has a sadistic streak in him , perhaps instilled by his dentist father . this is a great , if much-maligned , performance . the most infamous element from the first movie was the seemingly-drug-inspired presence of the oompa-loompas , wonka 's army of diminutive henchmen . in the wilder film , the oompa-loompas were dwarfs given to sophomoric dance numbers to the irritatingly catchy " oompa-loompa-do-be-de-do " tune . in this version , all the oompa-loompas are played by the same character ( even though there are hundreds of them ) , and their dance numbers are even more fantastic . however , the songs do n't have quite the same sharp punch as the original songs , which pointed out the various failings of the kids and their parents as they got eliminated from the contest . indeed , there are several lyrics that i just could n't catch in this film version , and that is a pretty major quibble . far from a feel-good movie , but definitely a good movie , " charlie and the chocolate factory " deserves to be seen and , for fans of artistic visions , studied .
health pos 35.txt i have owned this pulse meter for approximately 2 weeks and i find it to be accurate , but it takes a while for it to give a reading . the first few times i used it , it took over a minute to tell me my pulse . however , the manual does state that when you become used to the correct positioning of your finger on the sensor it will give a result faster . so far , this is true , as within the last 3 days , i have received readings within 10 seconds consistently . considering the price , it was a good purchase
software neg 24.txt the computer i have now ( about 500 mhz ) is faster than my last one , and the earlier version of plus ! worked well with my older model . however , my current model ca n't process most of the programs available , so i just deleted the whole package . i intend to get a faster computer in the near future , and will use superpack at that time . the features look pretty cool , but i ca n't give it a favorable rating at this time . however , when i see how it would work with a faster processor , i may re-rate my review
music pos 734.txt those who liked suede may be looking for more of the same from the tears , but despite the obviously recognisable vocals from brett , and the familiar wailing of bernard 's guitar , this marks a watershed in their repertoire . the most obvious difference is that all the songs seem to have been crafted as ' hits ' ( much more radio-friendly , and why not ? ) . it 's also a more mellow sound than suede ( there were fewer opportunities for vigorous bouncing and hand-clapping at the tears concert i attended ) . another important difference is the guitar work , with bernard soaring off into sonic highs not experienced since reeves gabrels and tin machine . among the better songs are apollo 13 , brave new century , refugees and co-star . though brett and bernard are capable of better , this is a shot in the arm for us disenfranchised suede-heads , and i recommend you turn it up loud
camera neg 47.txt i got this for my s70. first off , in order to use it , you have to set the s70 to " radio control " ( about 9 button pushes ) . then you had better stay no further away than six feet or so ( and only in *front* of the camera-the remote does n't work from the rear ! ) . oh , and if you want to adjust your framing , forget it-the zoom is immobilized . if you need a " cable release , " i strongly suggest simply using the self-timer built into the camera . it gives you 2-second and 10-second settings , and you 're almost certain to have a steady tripod by that time .
dvd neg 877.txt if you are looking for something shocking , do n't bother with this movie . rape scene : why does n't she run ? ? ? ? why does n't she fight ? ? ? how come there 's all this blood on her all of a sudden ? ? ? where did that come from ? ? ? ? stupid . revenge scenes : first of all , i was n't upset enough to thirst for revenge . second of all , the murder scenes were even weaker than the rape scene . what you 've basically got here is a movie hollywood could remake , scene for scene , including every gratuitous moment . and it would get made . it would show in theaters . and lots of annoying people would think it was horrifying . go rent " irreversible " it 's much better at this sort of thing .
music neg 136.txt all i got to say about this is that dudes need to stop making this kinds of records cuz this is not hip hop , its not what ll , rakim , krs-one , kool g rap , ice t , ice cube , nwa , and ( rip ) big and pac , started . we as fan have the power to end this buy simply not buying the album . please do not buy this , this fake rap is got to sto
health pos 841.txt this the best product out there for preventing and ridding red bumps , ingrown hairs , and the other unslightly skin / hair irritations
software neg 445.txt this software messed up my computer big time . it does something first of all , to microsoft word . word does not work properly after installation of photo explosion . it then went into different areas of my computer and screwed it up . at first i only suspected it to be photo explosion . i had to have my computer sent back to hp . when i got it back i reinstalled photo explosion and the same thing happenend . be careful . product has big problems - which will give you bigger problems - i guarantee it .
health neg 271.txt i bought two clarisonic brushes - one as a gift and one for myself . although the product works well , unfortunately , both brushes were defective . the trouble started occurring about two months after using . one brush started out with two speed settings , but eventually only functioned at the low setting . the other brush started turning on by itself and eventually could not be recharged ! my experience with the customer service has been terrible . they would not replace my brush for me even though the product was still under warranty . be careful if you are going to travel abroad . the warranty on the brush is nulled if you use the brush in a power outlet other than 110v !
dvd pos 842.txt for me it 's great to watch superhero television shows on dvd 's because it 's worth to own . and to watch it all over again - again i have adventures of superman - the flash - lois&clark the new adventures of superman and the incredible hulk i 'm very dtermieend to own all 3 seasons of wonderwoman i decided to get rid of smallville it did not discribe the idea of the adventures of superman and lois&clark the new adventures of superman it did not appeel to me at all.these are the shows which i do have on dvd a superhero t.v. show will never be cancelled - it 's great to watch everyday or during the weekends epecially saturday&sunday morrnings chrisburke-lifegoeson
dvd neg 688.txt no reviews available pre-purchase . set was totally useless . laughably out-of-date . poor color . two disks had flasws at the ends . i wanted to use them for a bible study group , but wound up throwing the three dvd set in the trash . the cost and trouble of returning for credit were not worth the effort . - - zero stars but one star was the lowest rating accepted . - - i exopected better of amazon
books pos 967.txt leah stewart is a talented writer . i read this book after finishing her most recent novel , the myth of you and me ( which i highly recommend ) . this story is dark and chilling . olivia is a young reporter covering crimes in memphis on a hot summer . when the body of girl is found , the case becomes eerily personal for olivia and the lines between professional duty and personal struggles become blurred as she gets deeper into the murdered girl 's story and life . the characters in this novel are deep and well developed , and the sultry atmosphere of a hot summer in memphis is well rendered . i highly recommend this book
books neg 72.txt i am not sure why the author thought he had something to offer on this subject . there was no original thought or useful lessons on the topic that was promised by the title . i read this book because it was the subject of an on-line book club for public health leaders but will be much more discriminating in the future regarding the purchase of books that are recommended by this group .
camera pos 438.txt this is the perfect camera for me . i take alot of close-up detail shots and the images come out great . it is smaller than my old g3 ( which i loved , but was pretty chunky )
dvd neg 272.txt the opening strip scene is reminiscent of barbarella - too bad those are n't basinger 's legs though . nerdy scientist falls for galactic beauty as presented by kim basinger . i have never understood ackroyd 's characters . and keeping in form , he is once again as unfunny as mud . basinger tries so hard - too hard - to rescue this film , but that 's no small task considering the ineptness of this way silly film . ok so she munches on batteries , and thinks she has to cook everything in the kitchen at mealtime . she seems a genuine betty crocker given that her favorite foods are nuts and bolts . jon lovitch also tries to prop up ackroyd and this weak script . however , his contribution seems way overstated to me . he does n't have much to do . funny are the scenes inwhere the teenage girl eventually decides that her step-mother is not like other people . basinger 's character has a magic purse with an annoying creepy critter in it who tells her what to do . think , jar-jar blinks . i suppose it 's ok as a backdrop for housecleaning . but that 's it . flat and mechanical
health pos 942.txt i am very fair and find it difficult to enjoy the sun because i constantly burn . i have tried everything and have never been completely satisfied . i went on my honeymoon to the maldives in november and was able to stay out in the sun , go swimming and i did not have to constantly reapply . i did n't get burned once ! bull frog superblock is the best sunblock around
books neg 492.txt i 'm perhaps the only steinbeck lover not to have yet read " grapes of wrath " or " east of eden . " instead i have focused on " of mice and men " and his lesser known works , such as " to a god unknown " and , my personal favorite , " pastures of heaven . " i 've been enamored with his ability to vividly craft characters in particular . when i began reading " in dubious battle , " it appeared the most engaging of all steinbeck 's work . telling the story of american communist party workers jim and mac , it begins with the story of hardscrabble jim initiating himself into mac 's radical cell . there is a great ( and misleading ) sense of intrigue - mac and jim travel by boxcar , work secretly through letters , go from secret contact to contact and finally arrive among disgruntled orchard workers . early on , the pace is fast , exciting , and engaging . suddenly , steinbeck simply fails to deliver , leaving the reader wondering when he 's going to pick up the pace again . after jim and mac slowly initiate a worker 's strike , i expected the sense of excitement to continue . it simply never does . summary of " in dubious battle " - workers get mad . workers get tired . workers get mad . workers get tired . workers get mad . workers get tired . the rest of the book mostly concerns jim and mac talking - and talking - and talking - and talking . and while their philosophical chats are mildly interesting at first , they simply repeat themselves for the rest of the book . most of the action takes place in the dark or far away from the narration , and most of the story simply concerns the strikers bickering over petty nonsense.. . ...and eating . steinbeck must have been peckish while writing this story , because at least a good 25% of the story concerns finding , eating , and ( worst of all ) talking about food . there is plenty of action that steinbeck could have shown during the story , but for some reason he prefers to focus on jim and mac endlessly walking from tent to tent in their encampment , discussing whatever comes to mind . steinbeck 's sense of intrigue and social injustice is worth reading the first few chapters . but i advise any reader of " in dubious battle " to take this course - after the strike is initiated , simply set the book down . you wo n't miss anything . nothing of great import happens , and only a very few memorable characters ever surface , and they are lost among the sea of forgettable faces . i suppose now i 'll give " grapes of wrath " a go . perhaps if it is n't one of his " greats , " it is n't worth reading
music pos 651.txt this is a wonderful view into what is the best and worst about a tedeschi concert . she can be as soulful as the best of the blues singers but it also exposes her weakness : she just ca n't rock enough to provide the balance her act needs . she 's terrific on the ballads but is n't a good enough guitar player to hold up the guitar playing for a band so they have to make do with her fabulous vocals . she 's got solid keyboards and vocals in support , so it 's not apparent until half way through the gig . but keyboards ca n't provide enough of an edge to the very few fast , upbeat songs and the whole concert lags . zzzzz by 2 / 3rds of the way through . look at the audience at the end of the concert when she plays a lethargic version of " i fell in love . " very few people ( besides the b3 player who has kept the only energy up through the show ) are energized . put this dvd on when you 're in bed with a glass a red wine with your loved one and the fireplace is going and it 'll be terrific , at least until you fall asleep
software pos 56.txt first , if you 're thinking about using these photos for print , you may wish to think again . most objects run between 300-600 pixels in width or height , or 1-2 inches at 300 dpi . stretch them bigger than that , and they 'll start to blur and / or get jagged . also note , that if you try to export / save an image from the hemera image browser and select the 300 dpi setting , the browser may stretch the graphic larger than it 's actual size , causing blurring and jaggedness right out of the gate . you need to use the " use image 's full size " checkbox when exporting images . if you specify a 300 dpi size , and do n't use that checkbox , you 'll get a stretched image . for example , the first image in the collection ( the pocket watch ) is only 384 pixels wide . if you specify 300 dpi and do n't check the " use image 's full size " box , the software will stretch it to 642 pixels wide . the stretching will cause the image to look fuzzier and / or more jagged when you use it in a web site or print project . all that said , if you 're going to use the images for the web , they 're great . you get almost all the images you 'd find in their three " photo objects " collections , each of which is much more expensive than this single collection . the difference is the photo objects collections offer about 20-30% higher resolution ( i.e. the first image in the collection is 384 pixels wide , but is 492 pixels wide in photo objects ) and you can save the photo objects images with transparent backgrounds ( while this collection forces you to specify a color for the background ) . for the price , this is a good collection . there are lots of shots with minor variations , so it may seem like duplication , but for someone trying to get something just right , that slightly different tilt of the head may be just what the doctor ordered
software neg 591.txt i installed quickbooks pro 2003 on my new computer running vista and had a small problem . so , i bought an upgrade to 2007 since intuit says it works with vista . it does not . the software crashes at odd times . it also crashes when attempting to call up invoices from the accounts receivable report . it reports out of memory errors and closes two to six times each day . i have set up my old computer , which runs xp , so i can use the new software until they fix all of the glitches in the 2007 version . i recommend not buying this version if you are running vista os
software neg 464.txt if i could give less than 1 star for any trend micro product i would . it gives too many false positives when you do n't even have a virus . you are going nuts trying to find where the virus is and there is not even one there as trend told you there was . avoid this like the plague and save your hard earned money . it 's a piece of crap .
dvd pos 352.txt this one of those movies that i can watch over and over again . the story is great , acting is good , and seeing the jerks get it in the end is the best . the force of nature is just amazing to me and given the opportunity i would love to go on a tornado hunt . the special effects in the movie are very well done and realistic and the ending is perfect for this movie . i would of given this one 5 stars but it has to be one heck of a movie for 5 stars . the loss of a star is for some of the actors average job at there parts . rent it , buy it , watch it ! it is well worth your time and money .
books pos 428.txt while previous guides for the serial drama " lost " have often left something to be desired , the book " finding lost : the unofficial guide " more than makes up for it . nikki stafford 's attention to detail ( and believe me , *all* " lost " fans should have a great attention to detail ) is thus far unparalleled in any other guide book . you name it , this guide book has it . in addition to the usual episode synopsis , stafford provides readers with all the information they can handle , including keeping track of the appearances of the " numbers " , discussing theories , pointing out bloopers and continuity errors , illuminating connections , and just generally proving that she has watched way more " lost " than any of us . in addition to all that , stafford gives the low-down on each of the " lost " cast members , before they became losties . even if you have watched each episode of " lost " 4 or 5 times , and think you have caught every little nuance and clue hidden within it , i guarentee you 'll read this book and discover things you did n't catch , or never thought of . one of my favorite features in this book is the essay that details and explains everything on the " invisible " map that locke briefly gets a glimpse of in season 2 during the episode " lock down " when the blast door comes down on top of his legs , and a black light switches on , illuminating the secret map . bottom line , this book is a must have for serious " lost " fans . it would also be a great aid to anybody who is just now beginning to get into " lost " .
camera pos 767.txt looks exactly as the posted picture except the badge reads " panasonic " , not " lumix " . fits the camera perfectly . no extra room for memory cards , spare battery , charger , etc. it 's easier to insert the camera with both zippers down . the belt loop wo n't fit most belts . no straps . however , the camera 's strap is good enough . good protection
music pos 438.txt very essential music.the arrangements&amp ; styles work very well.he has great depth&amp ; feel here.it 's classic ellington.he was always constantly changing music
software neg 735.txt quicken software continues to contain prominent advertising for intuit products and services . in my opinion , it is fine to offer additional services to customers , but give the customer the opportunity to say " no thanks " and then leave them alone so they can be productive with the software . forever pestering a paid customer with advertising for the same products and services is not a good idea . advertising takes up space in the user interface and is a distraction that reduces productivity
books pos 785.txt this is the book that trackers and naturalists have needed for a long time . it 's finally here and it 's outstanding ! now when i take apart an owl pellet i 'll be able to determine what the owl was eating , and hence what small wildlife is abundant in that area . and when i 'm out and discover part of a skull from a mammal , bird , amphibian , or reptile , i 'll be able to find what that is too . mark elbrock has done it again : an instant classic , and a book that all trackers and naturalists should have in their collection
health neg 985.txt i have bought this product and i have gained 5lbs . it didnt worked on me . i guess you just have to try the product . i just ordered hoodoba , on amazon and hoping that will work . hoodoba has good ratings
camera neg 60.txt it takes around 3-4 seconds to take the picture after i click the button ! ! and then another 8-10 seconds just to store that picture on the sd card ! ! so basically , i cant take another picture until atleast 10-15 seconds of one picture ! !
dvd neg 512.txt sure , this was heaped with loads and loads of popular acclaim by the critics , but the question you should be asking yourself is , will it appeal to the average person ? the simple answer here is a loud and resounding no . here are the reasons : 1 ) unless you 're a well-bred blue blood who knows all about edward ii and loves shakespeare , this is extremely hard to follow , not just because of the archaic olde english-speake , but also due to choppy production and editing which impedes the plot coherence . result ? if you 're not lost you will soon will be , and worse yet , you wo n't care ; 2 ) do n't be fooled by the lure of annie lennox-she is an itsy-bit of a bit player in the overall run of this " movie " and is , for all intents and purposes , inappropriately placed in the middle of it much like the effect of having an mtv commercial rammed in the middle of your programme ; 3 ) let 's be clear about what you 're getting for your 10-15 dollars : it 's not a movie at all , but an arty-pretentious stab at cheap play production with less cinematography than your average soap opera or home movie . further , the " period " is thematically juxtiposed with costumes of old and new , making one more likely to ponder whether their budget was short , not what cutty-edgy-trendy-theme-within-a-theme are they trying to promote . who knew such a tantillizing , heart-wrenching piece of history could be rendered so dull ?
dvd pos 885.txt how did he have the time to write such a picture , to co-direct it , to act in it and after everything else to write its score ? noel coward 's energies , always remarkable , were redoubled during the second world war , and it must have seemed like another excuse to show off his patriotism , which he wore like a second skin despite his slummy upbringing . in which we serve is still worth watching , but it 's nowhere as appealing as either cavalcade or this happy breed , and its focus on the " life and death of a ship " ( the hms torrin ) is strangely monomaniacal , almost constructivist . over and over you see unattributed bare arms hammmering away , symbols of brute strength like something from a soviet film . the ship goes up . the ship goes down . a new ship rises out of the water . and in between coward tries his hardest to keep you interested in the lives of the men clinging to the lifeboat , till our interest settles on three- -bernard miles as hardy , with his striking , long , hatchet face and the deep voice that goes with it- -he should have played ichabod crane- -john mills as blake , a tiny little pipsqueak who 's feisty in the standard mickey rooney-jimmy cagney manner , and noel coward himself as captain kinross , tranquil with class privilege and , in the background , his glamorous marriage to the ineffable celia johnson ( so beautiful till she opens her mouth and those bits of teeth wobble around on her gums ) . hitchcok 's lifeboat had the same concentration on a handful of downed and wet actors playing nautical , but without coward 's complicated flashback structure . coward stalwarts joyce carey and kay walsh show up as the love interests for miles and mills respectively- -carey , in this movie and in brief encounter as well , treated very unusually for the 1940s as a woman not in her first youth , nor good-looking in any way , who 's given nevertheless a fullblooded and physical romantic interest . she must have kissed the ground every time noel coward walked on it . who else would have written such roles for her ? the movie is trying indeed when it goes " serious , " and yet that 's half the fun of it , seeing how often coward plays the " race " card- - " we are an island race " indeed . i teared up , of course i did , during the blitz as the v-1 rockets drop bomb after bomb on london households , leading to the death of several favorite characters , and again when coward leads his naval boys into dunkirk and out of it again with a panoply of half-nude british soldiers sipping tea or what looks like an enormous vat of kool-aid . outside of these scenes , however , the movie is marred by its agitprop and by david lean 's tiresomeness , in showing everything at such a glacial pace . ps , the film was shot by ronald neame who later became a director himself and whose " masterpiece , " the poseidon adventure , sometimes seems like a shot by shot remake of the disaster sequences of in which we serve
camera pos 894.txt i bought this underwater housing in anticipation of a trip to the galapagos . it worked perfectly , and i obtained some really incredible shots , both still and video . the combination of the canon sd550 and this housing were amazing . i did make sure to lubricate the primary o-ring each time i opened the housing . but the need to do so was reduced by using a larger , 1gb memory card - both card and battery would last a little over two dives , before i need to change one or the other
health neg 505.txt i bought this shaver about one year ago . for years i was using braun shavers and was happy with them but decided to try competition . in spite of few people on internet who mentioned short lifespan i gave panasonic a try . shaving is fine , it runs quiet and you get 5-7 shaves with one charge . after about one year it started making strange noise and you get only 3-4 shaves with one recharge . month later slowly went dead . exactly as some other people wrote on bulletin boards , what make me to believe to those people writing reviews . you would expect more shave for $100. today i went to buy braun shaver .
camera pos 916.txt the part is definitely up to nikon 's awesome standards . i bought it for future use , as i do n't currently have the lens yet , but when the price becomes affordable i will purchase it too
music neg 760.txt hate to say it , but this is pretty drab stuff . that said , i 'm hardly about to complain ; how could i ? this was obviously written for a film ( that i have no interest in seeing ) , and mogwai just released ' mr. beast ' , a solid ( if unspectacular ) album earlier this year . i kind of see ' zidane ' as a gift , then . looking at the whole thing from that perspective , it 's impossible to be letdown . but then , retaining much emotion out of this composition is downright difficult . mogwai , when channeling the right energies , create sublime , beautiful music - - truly as beautiful as any form of modern music , to my ears . when they 're a bit more ambiguous , though , the results tend to float in limbo and lack direction . ' zindane ' seems to possess certain elements of both these characteristics to an extent , but the result is surprisingly dull - - at best , it 's pretty ; at worst , it 's utterly monotonous . the ideas are here , too ; it 's not that ' zindane ' lacks drive or intent . it is a focused work . yet , it 's obvious , i think , that the music , contrary to most film scores , desires to refrain from emotional manipulation . while that 's admirable , i find that musically , i 'd much rather be manipulated than dazed ; this is literally music to listen to whilst on painkillers . there are a few nice themes and motifs , do n't get me wrong , but this is all underscore - - mogwai , in the best way possible , has a great gift at handling melodrama , and here they never appear to be guided by the dramatic light . i wo n't sway anyone from attempting to get ' zidane ' , but i would n't hand it out to anyone unexposed to mogwai in some hopes of garnishing their admiration . no , for that , i would naturally lead them to one of their many fine studio albums . for , mogwai is a band , after all - - they are not jerry goldsmith or ennio morricone . for those unaware , mogwai performed much of the score for the recently released film ' the fountain ' - - though they did not write any of the actual material , from what i 've gathered - - and as a musical experience , the soundtrack release for that album absolutely blows ' zidane ' out of the water . in my opinion , it even beats out ' mr. beast ' , so impatient fans who need a fresh dose of mogwai ' oughta check that one out for sure
health pos 147.txt i am totally satisfied with thids product so far . of course if the batteries run out of charge after a few charges i will be dissatisfied . i expect them to last tens of reusses if experience can be of any guideline
music neg 879.txt this young woman has a fine coloratura soprano voice , albeit a little underpowered , but she simply has no understanding of musical architecture . there is too much emphasis on virtuosic technique and no regard at all for musical subtleties . in fact , i suspect the only reason this little filly was favored over so many of her betters is that she looks mighty tasty in that skimpy frock and short-shorts . once again , sex sells and the vox vulgus dominates at the expense of true art
health pos 303.txt i bought this after using the inexpensive wahls for years . i love it for several reasons : 1 ) it cuts without pulling on your whiskers 2 ) it is very precise 3 ) it picks up 90% or more of your whiskers 4 ) not only do you not have the hair in the sink , but you no longer feel like it will take a shower to get all of the excess hair out of your beard , if there is any to speak of 5 ) unlike others , i did not feel the need to have a more precision tool to trim my mustache . it worked just fin
health pos 135.txt i purchased this toothbrush for my 2 young daughters . it 's a great brush head for pediatric ( and adult ) mouths . they swap out the heads , it 's rechargeable and i can stop purchasing junky kids battery-operated toothbrushes every 1-2 months after the batteries wear down . i have used this toothbrush for myself for the past 3 years and no longer have a problem with receding gums or plaque build-up
camera neg 177.txt over 90% of pictures i took by this canon are blurry . no way can you fix it . i really got fed up with it . waist your money . waist your time . more important , waist your precious moments !
music pos 160.txt being a professional dancer as well as a teacher and having seen hundreds of musicals , i must say i rate this as & quot ; one of the best&quot ; . the dancers are fantastic ! the music utterly great , the choice of dances ( from classical to rock ) is highly deversified . ca n't wait till i get it so i can play it again and again . as well as & quot ; rock the house , shake my bootie , etc&quot
books pos 803.txt peter balakian 's book , " black dog of fate , " tries to be too many things and sadly fails at many of them . in essence , it is an attempt to tell a sort of armenian-american story which i find not overly interesting or compelling . i wish the author had done a bit more in-depth work to learn about his people and their rich heritage before embarking to represent it or explain it or share it with non-armenians , for he has much more to absorb and understand himself first . i find the armenianness in this book to be tentative , unengaged and unconvincing . pity , since the author seems to have a lot of passion in his pursuit of other aspects of his life such as football , the yankees , modern poetry , and exposing turkish attempts to buy ( among others ) princeton professors to act as mouthpieces giving legitimacy to their vile historical revisionism , practiced by the " modern " turkish state and its organs . it seems to be all the rage these days to elevate personal histories and family testimonials into the realm of fiction and novels . the " i " and " we " and " us " occupy center stage and the reader is invited to enjoy the intimacy that must surely be in place via this artifice . but is it realy ? since in order to make this legitimate , the writer must distance himself , at least initially , from all this old world exotica , and like the reader , question their validity or relevance in present day north american society . what are all these old world , old fashioned ghosts and traditions ? , is the first cry of writer and reader alike , only , ofcourse , to be followed by a sharp bank turn where the writer steers the satisfied and in-place reader towards the opposite viewpoint wherein *this* culture and *this* lifestyle become suspect in light of some tentative spotting of cultural wealth that has been traded in or abandoned in order to swim swiftly towards materialistic , memory-free , self-redefining , " comfort " seeking and buying mores . in the balakian tale , one encounters suburbia instead of substance , worldly goods acquisition instead of deep roots that steady the soul , immediate family and relatives running away from their true identities either towards surrealism , the abstract and unemotional , or else towards medicine , respectability and detachment . young balakian observes but never understands " the grandmother " for she is shielded culturally from being able to reach him by her very offsprings who can not and will not instill the armenian identity he will eventually seek but never quite find . their crime is self-denial and a march to the tune of america 's mixmaster piper . " be unlike your past and your future will be brighter , " seems to be what america promises , at the very least . the intermediate generation listens and adopts this credo and peter is left to find out but never quite understand just what cost his ancestors have paid to remain armenian and to preserve our culture before the final denials on new jersey pateos while enjoying , as if to serve sweet irony , full course armenian meals and the mixing aromas of delicacies from the old country every sunday . peter is lost alright , but as the book sadly shows , he remains lost . paraphrasing or quoting ambassador morgenthau does not an armenian genocide expert make . personal family testimonials of the turkish atrocities does not a genocide history make ( for that , read vahakn dadrian 's " the history of the armenian genocide " berghahn books , 1995 ) . episodic accounts can be dismissed by the turks as hear-say and as mere isolated incidents , leading to more harm than good ( for if better evidence existed , the arguement goes , why would anyone resort to such flimsy fare ? ) . for the story to have worked , for the story to have *really* worked , as i would have liked it to , balakian 's life and lifestyle would have had to have changed significantly and his child rearing practices would have had to reflect it , and his relationship with his wife who , like him , is not leading a strongly armenian existence , would have had to have changed , solidifying his roots , celebrating his new found identity , and nurturing the metamorphosis by sustained community involvment and grass roots movement participation which , alas , never appear on the pages of this book . how else to explain the lack of a turning around of the tide of assimilation to which balakian is a grand personal witness , except that the transition has not occured ? the ship of armenianness sails by balakian . he is finally aware enough to be able to identify the ship and wave it goodbye and write about it , but not resolved enough to climb aboard . that is how the book fails and that is how his story fails . this is a story of assimilation and loss with a bit of mid stream self awareness thrown in . for a real story of an armenian finding his roots and letting them take root in his own life and future , read mark arax 's book , " in my father 's name ( simon & schuster , 1996 ) , " where the transition is real and the early youth of disaffection is replaced by a profound adoption of our essence revealed in exquisite frankness and power by mark arax . one can only hope that balakian 's partial reorientation towards our culture and traditions and essence will somehow continue and that some day he will wish to live with a more meaningful attachment to our cause and needs than merely as an able observer ( not withstanding his laudible actions as an april 24th - - armenian genocide commemoration speaker and an exposer of turkish infiltration in the us academic arena by buying spokesmen turned professors who mascarade as unbiased researchers ) . this criticism i direct to the predecessor of this genre of american armenian writing first and to balakian second . i speak here of " passage to ararat " by michael arlen ( hungry mind republication , 1996 ) where a disinterested soit-disant armenian goes to armenia in the 70 's and by the end of the short trip is somewhat more closely touched by this strange people 's woes and dreams . too little , too late , and always detached , is all i can say to these meagre displays of ethnic or cultural reorientation . much more needs to be absorbed before the essence is transmitted to future generations to take and behold . however , i remain hopeful that future transformatory stories and ethnic identity survival stories *will be* written which will show that the tide of assimilation and cultural abandonment are not the only outcome of this experiment of transplanting peoples and cultures to this continent we proudly call our home
health neg 30.txt read some reviews that say " my cousin lost 100 pounds by drinking this water and walking a mile a day , " and ask yourself - would n't that guy have lost the exact same weight drinking that much tap water and walking a mile a day ? ! this water is simply an attempt to fool gullible consumers into paying money for something with absolutely no value . if you wo n't drink water and exercise unless you have " special " water imbued with mythical powers , than by all means , this is the product for you . but if you prefer to save your money , simply exercise , eat healthier , and drink regular tap water
software neg 669.txt i liked the software itself . being the first year i used it , i thought i 'd start being a regular tt customer . then it was april 17 2007 and i tried to e-file . the servers would not respond all day . there were no admins to be reached on the support sites or the forums ( except for one who said " i do n't know what is the problem and i have nothing to tell you " ) . one major failing with this software is that it cannot automatically try to connect . if it fails , it says " try again in 10 minutes " . which i 've had to do all night . now - i will miss my tax deadline and have spent 6 hours at my computer trying to get connected . mail is not an option now as my car is gone . this is a major failure of the company and an utter lack of support , since their officials apparently could n't be bothered to come in to work on tax day to offer us any solutions . i will not buy again .
dvd neg 994.txt they say all the major characters come back in ` stitch the movie , ' quickly made direct-to-video sequel to the hugely popular ` lilo and stitch . ' for me , the original film 's most appealing part is , and will be , lilo and stitch , one of the most delightful characters disney created in the last decade . do we still need pleakley when we have stitch ? how about cobra ? or some alien whose name you have forgotten ? do we need them ? no , i do n't think so . but ` stitch the movie ' crammed all these characters into this small film of which running time barely exceeds one hour , together with a weak story that repeats exactly what the original was doing . the original 's idea of ` ohana ' or ` family ' is changed to ` cousin ' this time , but for most of the viewers this is literally a twice-told story , no longer attractive enough . what makes us feel short-changed is , however , the lack of music and scenery , the impressive parts of ` lilo and stitch . ' instead of elvis songs , they have thrown in parodies or homage to other films and tvs like monty python and ed wood , completely missing the target audiences who would buy this dvd to experience the joyful sound and rhythm of this great singer . moreover , the charming , water-color hawaiian scenery is reduced to the generic , unimaginative backdrop which is barely ok even by the lower standard of the disney 's cheap sequels . the only saving grace is the presence of the actors who provided the voices to the characters . except that , and the funny but brief scenes about the lovely pair lilo and stitch , ` stitch the movie ' looks like a pilot film for the original . or perhaps it is .
dvd neg 356.txt the original csi series is fantastic because you figure out the crimes by finding the evidence . this series uses the csi name without the investigating that makes the original so good . it is mainly a mellow-drama surrounding the lives of the characters . some people will like the drama the writers have put togethor , but there 's no mystery
health neg 587.txt returned item , as was leaking all over . great product if amazon had packed it better , i could have used it
health pos 687.txt there are a lot of positive comments about this mirror and some very negative comments . i weighed both before i made my decision and chose to give more weight to the positive comments . i am glad i did . the light from the mirror is bright , the slide bar for the different light settings works very well . if you hold the switch to the count of 2 or 3 and then release the lights work every time . i enjoy the mirror very much and would buy another or recommend that someone buy it for their use . the only negative i have about the mirror is that the flourescent tubes buzz a little but i am getting accustomed and learning to tune them out .
music neg 335.txt wow , i can not believe that two of the best songs of the film were cut off . 1. - rock and roll part ii ( gary glitter ) and 2.-get it on ( t . rex ) . the rest has been said in the other costumers reviews .
software neg 586.txt i changed from quicken to quickbooks and regret it . yes , quick books does some wonderful reports and invoiceing but i have found it difficut to use and especially to download crdit card transactions from my business credit cards . i have also found it difficut to match transactions . to get a better handle on my expenses i am going back to quicken or try another program . online help and tutorials , " dummies guide... . not helpful either . you would think see they make quicken they would allow import of qif files . dissapointed .
music pos 552.txt undoubtedly , marnie belongs to the top list of bernard herrmann 's best film scores , a wonderful musical image of alfred hitchcock 's underrated movie . written for small ensemble ( strings , woods , harp and horns ) herrmann gives the music a wonderfully flowing mood , tasteful and delighted along with the dark characteristics in every second bar that herrmann so masterful handles in all his works for hitch . joel mcneely 's reading is simply stunning as ever , so is the performance , but i just do n't like the overall acoustics on these varse rerecordings with the large hall reverb giving the orchestra no room for details . they simply are overheard in this muffled sound . this is far from ideal for recording a film score and i bet herrmann would not have liked this ! but , it 's a great , great score
camera neg 85.txt yes , it does provide a bit more eye relief , and can make it easier to see the whole frame ( by making it smaller ) , but there is a major problem with this . the eyepiece lens surface will not be as deeply couched in the rubber trim when you use this , and the result is a lot more reflections flashing around in the eyepiece when you have light behind you . this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses .
music neg 645.txt this is what you want ( 1983 ) was a terrible album from john lydon and martin atkins . after an rift between keith levene and john lydon occured during the recording of the demo tracks , atkins and lydon ran keith off and he quit the band . instead of keeping him on the finished tracks , atkins and lydon removed levene and pete jones ( the band 's studio bassist ) from the audio tracks and re-recorded them with members from their holiday inn band ( lydon hired members from a covers band who performed at a new jersey holiday inn ) . the new tracks and horrible . all of the guitar riffs and rhythm section that were originally recorded for the future album were erased . noise and other unwelcomed sounds were added to the tracks . the original tracks were far superior ( even in their basic state ) to what was released . to hear them you 'll have to find the commercial zone lp . the failure of this disc and the bickering between atkins and lydon would cause the band to become a solo project for the former anarchy king . not recommended
dvd pos 713.txt first of all , let me tell you , this is not a date movie . this is the most brutal graphic rape movie i have ever seen , and also one that lingers in your mind long after it is over . for me , that 's exactly what i want when i see a movie , one that leaves a lasting impression no matter how difficult the impression might be . i loved this movie , because it is very very well made , and the acting performances are incredible . yes , the rapes are unforgiving in every respect , and the misery throughout the film is almost difficult to watch at times . this is not a gory movie , except for the last ten minutes , it is a very disturbing movie and it does have a fair amount of nudity , however it really needs to . " the untold story " and " ebola syndrome " offset much of the carnage with humor , but " red to kill " has absolutely nothing to smile about . it is totally and brutally serious from the first frame to the extremely nasty ending . the story is pretty simple , a psycho-rapist is on the loose and he 's going after a mentally retarded young dancer . in the second graphic rape of the movie he does the deed to the young lady . enter a female social worker who tries to help the victim , and dreams up a plan to get even with the rapist after he gets off in court because of a stupid technicality . her plan succeeds to a certain extent , but not like she planned it , and the rapist comes after her full force . the actor who plays the rapist is absolutely sensational , and i might add , the musical score is perfect . the music adds so much to the all ready existing tension from all the horrific acts . the actress who plays the retarded girl is also amazing , one of the best performances on film you will ever see . to end this , this is a must-see movie for fans of this genre , and i 'm just getting started myself . not the gore associated with the two previous cat iii movies i watched , but something even more terrible and unrelenting , and an uneasy feeling that will not leave you anytime soon after you see it . " red to kill " is flatout a good movie , even considering the subject matter . i highly recommend it
dvd pos 362.txt i 'll start by saying all those people who think that american animated series are as good as it gets animation wise have been living under a rock since this series started 11 dvds ago , and it continues with this volume . as for the episodes themselves , they were a good addition to the season because with the next two discs , everything comes to a head and resolves . looking back on the four episodes , the only perceivable problem was that there was no real explanation as to why the major and batou were compelled to go to berlin with everything that was going on at home in japan . this was not enough for a point deduction . at the end of the day , anyone who likes a good series or animation that is technically perfect shoud buy this discs and all of the discs from both seasons . you will not be disappointed .
music pos 725.txt i bought this cd before going to see mmw ( with john scofield ) for the first time at first avenue in minneapolis dec 7 , 2006. i had never heard of them before and liked the clip on the venue 's website . so i bought a ticket and wanted to get " out louder " , which i knew they were going to play , to familiarize myself , but the store i was at was out of it . so i bought " end of the world " instead . while some of it was a little too spacey for my liking at first , i still liked the overall funkiness of it all . then....i saw them play . you must see them play ! ! i did n't ever want it to end ! i immediately wanted to see them again ! it 's less than a week later and i have 2 more cd 's ( " out louder " and scofield 's " a-go-go " which they " back " him on ) and 4 more on the way from amazon as i 'm writing this . i 'm like an addict now ! i have to have them on in the car and in the house . i get back in the car after having been in a store or whatever and they 're on and all is right with my world again . i must say i like " out louder " and even " a-go-go " better than " end of the world " , but only slightly . it is trippy with the synth and the other guest players , and i do like it better after a few listens . i just prefer mmw with less guest musicians
books pos 430.txt timothy hart lost his b-25 over germany in 1942 and is spending the rest of the war as a guest of the third reich in stalag luft 13. in 1944 tuskeegee airman lincoln scott arrives in camp and is promptly accused of cutting the throat of smuggler vincent bedford . the prisoners demand a trial , their jailers agree , and ex-harvard law student hart is appointed to defend scott , who appears inexplicably less than grateful . in fact their german jailers are more helpful to the defense than either scott or the american officers , or so it seems , as scott 's trial for murder progresses against a backdrop of class conflict , racial hatred and world war . atmospheric to the point of claustrophobia , a perfectly paced plot , and one of the few times i 've been completely blindsided by a novel 's climax . ps- -the film adaptation starring bruce willis is truly gagworthy , stay away from it
books pos 771.txt it 's a beu
health neg 388.txt i bought this for my lower back . i am pregnant now and my back keeps getting achy and goes out from time to time . it is great because it actually wraps all the way around to the back of my hips giving my entire lower back the heat without having to switch it from one side to the other . however , the inner pad bunches up tremendously . i have used it for a few weeks now , and have to take the cover off to " open " the pad back up by stretching it out again . it has n't gone back to the original shape . if i had known it would do this , i would have never purchased it .
music pos 183.txt goth meets cabaret , or rather gothic music influenced by cabaret . thats the best way to describe this wonderful little release by projekt . the eleven tracks here provide an introduction to the " dark cabaret " scene , and do so quite well . the first song , coin-operated boy by the dresden dolls , is a great start , and the cd continues onward to devious evil night together by jill tracy ( which sets up a wonderful film noir mood ) and on to the darker , electronic dance number cabaret fortune teller by audra , to a remix of knock three times on my coffin by projekt veterans black tape for a blue girl . along the way numerous other bands are covered . sam rosenthal 's side project revue noir makes their debut on this cd , with husky feminine vocals provided by nicki jaine , who also has a solo song ( pretty faces ) on the cd as well . personally , i loved revue noir and find nicki jaine 's voice to be quite alluring , but i also know some btfabg fans who dislike her vocals so you 've been warned . but all in all , i think anyone with a task for the dark should check out this cd . at the very least , its a cheap and decent introduction to a whole new style , and thats always a good thing
music pos 359.txt i rarely write reviews , but i need to comment on how fantastic this compilation is . i have a four-year-old and an eighteen-month-old , and this cd is in heavy rotation at our house . my husband and i love the music at least as much as they do - - it 's stylish and sets a great mood as we 're making dinner and doing dishes . the kids love it too , needless to say . my four-year-old 's favorites are three blind mice ( she loves when the farmer 's wife squeaks that she 'll give back the tails ) and the final track by peggy lee ( where she says the word *poop* , as in " party poop " - - endless laughter ensues ) . ella fitzgerald 's a-tisket , a-tasket and chew , chew your bubblegum are priceless . all in all , i highly recommend this cd - - everyone will be happy to hear it again and again
health pos 23.txt this blood pressure monitor is everything i was looking for and the price was certainly right . thank you . it works perfectly
camera pos 877.txt the case with battery and filter is well worth thr price paid
dvd neg 8.txt a 130-minute barrage of unrelieved bathos and sentimentality , this swedish import does n't so much insult your intelligence as complacently assume that you never had any in the first place , would n't know what to do with it if you did have it , and in general favor entertainment that bypasses the brain entirely and addresses itself directly to the tear ducts . the plot is of the type commonly described in laudatory reviews as " well-worn , " which seems to be a euphemism for " shop-worn , " " clich , " or " stupefyingly unoriginal . " here it is ( spoilers follow ) : daniel , a big-shot conductor in emotional difficulties and poor health , returns to the quaint rural village of his childhood , takes over and revives the local church choir , heals himself and everyone else in sight with his life-affirming yet charmingly diffident zaniness , finds love , finds his inner child , and finally , at the moment of his and his choir 's greatest triumph , croaks . a great director and screenwriter might have been able to conjure some life out of even this forbiddingly stale and schmaltzy program , but kay pollack is n't up to it . instead , in a kind of perverse tour de force of misbegotten inventiveness , he celebrates , embraces , wallows in the schmaltz , throws it at you until it 's dripping off you like oobleck , and somehow keeps finding more reserves of it tucked away in odd little corners of the film . indeed , there 's something horrifyingly impressive about the way this movie gets relentlessly stupider and more bathetic from the first frame to the last : it almost bespeaks a kind of strange talent , albeit of the ed wood variety ; and while watching it i almost suspected a cynical provocation of some kind , as in the kingsley amis story about the poet who , at the end of a long and successful career , publishes a volume of intentional gibberish in order to expose the critical establishment as a passel of clueless poseurs . ( speaking of whom : " as it is in heaven " was nominated for best foreign film at the oscars in 2005 , after being strewn with similar honors in sweden , where it was reportedly seen by some two million viewers . we 're used to this kind of idiocy from the academy , but what 's going on in the country of strindberg and bergman ? has someone been putting something in the kttbullar ? ) a standard feature of movies like this ( and books like this , if it comes to that- -cf . ayn rand ) is that characters are presented not as human beings but as representatives of some principle or other that the filmmaker deems important and relevant . aiiih is no exception . the parade of didactic marionettes includes : - - daniel 's love interest , a ditzy twenty-year-old blonde , who represents the life force ; - - the humorless , sexually repressed , hypocritical preacher , who represents the church , which as we all know is a sinister combine bent on stamping out the sex drive and repressing all manifestations of joy and spontaneity , especially in modern scandinavia ; - - the wife-beater whom everybody at first inexplicably tolerates , and then finally locks up and forgives- -who represents violence and what to do about it ; - - the retarded kid whom daniel insists on letting into the choir , chiefly so that he can become the film 's symbol of the virtues of inclusiveness and the deep human wisdom of special people . ( incidentally , it 's about time somebody realized that sentimentalizing retarded people , in movie after movie , as symbols of purity / goodness / wisdom-beyond-the-ken-of-those-cursed-with-normal-intelligence , or whatever , is just as disrespectful and exploitative as making cruel fun of them ; it just seems nicer . ca n't we have a movie that depicts a retarded person as a human being ? the only one i can recall seeing is " best boy , " a documentary about the life of a retarded man that came out about 25 years ago . apart from that they 've been reduced to targets of witless ridicule , as in " there 's something about mary , " or turned into plaster saints as here . ) so , to sum up : save your money and your time , which would be better spent sleeping or watching reruns of " the o.c. " run , do n't walk , from your local art theater if this is the main attraction . and do n't forget the moral of the story , rather comforting to me as an expatriate american living in a europe that preens itself on its superior wisdom and sophistication vis- -vis the usa : kitsch is global .
music neg 478.txt i loved her first album but this one is the same old same old rehashed time and time again she has reached her limits i 'm afriad
books neg 631.txt unfortunately , for all the name brand that this book conveys , i think the cover seems to be the most intriguing part . there are much better ways for book peddling and the fact that a firm such as mckinsey allowed their name on the title of a book for the sake of a few sales , boggles this readers mind . the subject matter seems to be along the lines of the bull session with all bull and no session . no actual quantitative analysis is used throughout the book , and if anything more than an encyclopedic definition is learned from this book , i would be astounded . save some money and go search online for some basic books on beginning valuation . by the way , those giving 5 stars either ca n't read english very well or are shills for mckinsey
books neg 945.txt this series is a travesty . i understand the feeling of loss when you finish a beloved series , but let laura , not macbride , have the last word on her family 's experience . so much in his books rings false : the clumsy historical allusions , the narrative voice , the potty humor . . . one of the greatest things about laura ingalls wilder 's work is the way her voice advances in maturity as she , the main character , grows : big woods is written for little girls and happy golden years for young women . macbride does n't manage this and talks down to readers . there is a tiny thread of laura in these books , but not enough to do more than frustrate her fans . sampling is for rap , not fiction .
dvd neg 537.txt i find it almost incomprehensible in this more enlightened technological age that there are a very limited amount of your subscribers who are concerned about the appaling presentation of all but two of these movies and i also wonder as more and more older movies are being re-released enhanced for widescreen tvs that no one seems concerned that arguably the most classic of classical movie musicals remain in a truncated format that cannot be properly watched if one has a widescreen tv . these movies scream out for the widescreen , they were made with the ultimate technology of the time to be seen as wide and as broard as possible . yet they remain stuck in a non anamorphic style that limits their enjoyment to anyone with a widescreen tv and , with one exception , all the people who have written about them dont seem to care . " oklahoma " , " carousel " , " south pacific " and " king and i " need to be updated to 16.9 anamorphic widescreen ( also preferably with some genuine extras and commentaries as well ) . fox are years behind the rest of the movie studios in this regard and have only recently started to adapt their films for the format of the future ( ie observe the two versions of " an affair to remember " ) of course , this is a major rip off , so anyone with a widescreen tv who has not bought these films - -hold off , coz sooner or later they will get a proper release...how long ? that is anybody 's guess , but these postage stamp versions are an insult to anyone who knows anything of widscreen dvd technology ( " sound of music " is fine and " state fair " was made in non widescreen full screen format , an should be viewed with lines either side of the screen
music pos 810.txt i just love lynch mixed with dooms production . it is what real is
software neg 912.txt intuit charges banks extra to support mac users , and many banks do n't pay . so the convenience of automated transaction downloads is impossible for me on quicken mac . several other features are lagging behind the windows version . and for some inexplicable reason , transferring data between quicken for windows and quicken for mac is n't complete or straightfoward . i have n't used competing products , but for mac users i recommend either running the windows quicken version ( using boot camp or parallels ) or buying another product . and by all means , let intuit know that their pricing practices are costing them customers
music neg 35.txt is there anything more sanctimonious than filming your last concert and inviting a bunch of fellow overrated hacks ( clapton , neil diamond , joni mitchell ) to the occasion , as if it 's some monumental event ? please ! as if the band were anything worthwhile in the first place . sorry , but the whole concept of a bunch of canadians ( well , four of five anyway ) writing this stuff about americana always came across to me as pretentious - - and it does n't get much worse than that stupid shot of levon helm wheezing through " the night they drove old dixie down . " these guys were just the beneficiaries of rolling stone / elitist rock critic propaganda . ( and to think they made fun of prog bands for writing inane lyrics - - huh ! ) i think martin newell put it best when he called the band " dreadful bearded ghastliness . "
dvd pos 676.txt what can a single lie do ? that is the question that is examined in lillian hellman 's the children 's hour . martha ( shirley maclaine ) and karen ( audrey hepburn ) run a small boarding school in a small new england town . karen is engaged to a local doctor ( james garner ) . when karen punishes a malicious student , the little girl decides to get revenge . the way the girl does this is repeat a out of context statement made by martha 's aunt ( miriam hopkins ) . to complicate matters , she blackmails another girl ( veronica cartwright ) into confirming the story . this lie immediately destroys the martha and karen 's school . but their life 's are destroyed soon thereafter when their slander suit is rejected . but when the lie exposed it is too little too late . when the play opened in the late 50 's it was daring and very controversial . when the film opened in 1961 , it was still controversial . but 40 years later , it is not the lesbian story line that is interesting but how little has changed . hepburn gives her usual excellent performance and would have gotten an oscar nomination if she had n't made breakfast at tiffany 's that year . shirley maclaine was fresh off her success in the apartment and was ready to stretch her dramatic legs . she proved that she could handle drama just as well as comedy . but it would be 15 years for her to get another great dramatic role ( the turning point ) . fay bainter and miriam hopkins were major character actors in the 30 's and 40 's and were given one final chance to show what they had left . bainter received an oscar nomination for this film . william wyler had nothing to prove in the 60 's yet he continued to select great films with bite that featured women in strong roles . this was another triumph for him . dvd extras : none
health pos 4.txt great features ! probably the best pedometer out there for the money . the only reason i give 4 vice 5 stars , is that i think the one i bought for my mom ( same brand and model ) is slightly more accurate . a great way to track your fitness overall
books pos 625.txt this is our favorite baby book for reading with our baby / young child . each of our children , from ages 9 months to three years , has loved this book . we buy this as a gift for all new babies
camera pos 292.txt after checking prices with all the usual pricing bots , i found a better price , including free shipping , by going directly to amazon . this lowest price did not appear in the other searches , so it pays to go to amazon first . i replaced my canon sd400 with the casio and find the controls more logical to use . this is important if you do n't use the camera for a while , because you can just pick it up and start shooting without hunting for the manual . also , the docking base is much more convenient than plugging small cables into the camera . you do not have to remove the battery in the casio to charge it as you do with the canon sd400. the vga movie quality is superior on the casio . still pictures appear to be about equal . amazon delivered by ups in record time even with a weekend inbetween . i ordered on a friday and received it the following tuesday . go with amazon !
software pos 443.txt we homeschool and have 1st grader , 4th grader and 7th grader - they are all using the program and learning and enjoying - my 1st grader especially enjoys the fact that it 's on an island since he 's all about pirates . a great first program
health neg 657.txt i recommend using ear plugs or ear muffs protection before using the andis company 22560 rechargeable cord / cordless hair clipper kit
books pos 631.txt i 've been a skating fan for many years , and would recommend this book to everyone ! i thoroughly enjoyed the inside look at brian boitano 's career , from start to present . it 's easy to read , so one can browse through it like a newspaper or magazine.....but it 's also stuffed full of valuable information about the technical aspects of skating and the & quot ; behind the scenes&quot ; preparation activities for competitive skaters . the beautiful pictures lend itself to being picked up and enjoyed again and again ! hats off to brian boitano , suzanne harper , and all the people who helped create this treasure for my coffee table
dvd pos 735.txt in this cynical day and age , it 's truly astonishing to see a band rise from the ashes and still sound relevant ( not to mention amazing ) , but how often do you get to see the inside picture offstage ? this film works as a eulogy to arthur " killer " kane , a synopsis of the dolls ' early years , and a buoy for rock ' n ' rollers lost at sea . it 's all things to all people , but it 's never boring or condescending . i would actually recommend this film to lovers of cinema , whether they had any knowledge of the dolls or not , simply because it 's a great story , well told , and stands up to repeated viewings .
music neg 190.txt ya , abomination to god also set it right in his worthy review . i remember the days where this panzy was praised and all of you ate that " one call away " and " right thurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr " garbage . does 2 stars explain anything ? this apparently is equal to that d4l s*** , which is actually the lowest of the low . anyways , did n't i tell you chingy would die one year after -jackpot - hit ? now that he 's dead , everybodies focused on t-pain , oh s*** !
music pos 26.txt thoroughly enjoyed the cd . have some of the songs as performed by other artists , but it 's nice to hear them as performed by the writer . i 'm always impressed by one with that kind of creativity .
camera pos 376.txt the battery is great , but amazon offers the accessory kit with the same battery , plus a mini-dv tape and a carrying case for the same price . the case is useless for the zr series , but might come in handy for some other purpose
dvd pos 723.txt i was surprised to have learn of this very old live performance by cat stevens ( his name then ) . i was well pleased with the quality of the performance format and of the tunes selection . i was , and still am , a fan of his music . nice to see a dvd concert of his . it is old music , but if you 're a fan of the man , you 'll enjoy it
camera pos 323.txt i 'm surprised to see that a lot of people only give 1* to this camera ! i 've had it for 2 years now and i just love it ! thanks to it , i discovered i had a real passion for photography.. . it 's very easy to use and my pictures are great ! when i show them , people usually tell me " you must have an expensive camera " ... and i just show them my little canon s500 and they are surprised with the result ! i 'm just loving it
health neg 762.txt does n't thiss say it all ? " screw-on threads failed & my shake spilled . " i threw it away and use my martini shaker instead
health pos 604.txt this is exactly what i wanted- -the last 1 i bought is over 10 yrs old and still going- -i was afraid each day it would go out and could not find a replacement anywhere- --you are a life- -i mean , hair saver ! ! diane in texa
books neg 233.txt i am a jew living in a college town in mississippi for the past 5 years . i was born & raised in the north . i think evans should rename his book " fiddler on the roof in the south " . his book is a very nostalgic look back at jewish history - as it was in the past here . it 's very much : the southern jews were all so happy , they all fit in and were accepted , etc. he does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us ' yankee jews ' , like the instances when a few ( yankee ) rabbis in the south fought for civil rights . evans should realize that times have really changed here ! the evangelical christians in my town ( which is most people here ) harrass me like crazy - ' i am praying for you ! ' ' have you read the words of jesus , who was a jew like you ? ' ' when will you come to my church' . blah , blah , blah . thank god for the minority of catholics , methodists , presbyterians and a few others who live here . they are the only ones to accept me for the way i am , and the way i will stay - a jew . i want all who are reading this to realize that i am only speaking for my experience . jews who reside in cities in the south have told me that they have had far better experiences , and that they cannot relate to what i am saying . but i do want to ask evans a few questions : 1 ) if things are so great for the jews in the south : why have you lived in new york for decades now ? ? ? 2 ) why do n't you at least write either a new forward to the book , a magazine article , etc. , contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of jews in the south have changed over time ( for some of us at least ) , primarily due to the rise of the evangelical christians ? i read evans ' books before i moved here , and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here . for a jew who really cares about her / his religion living here is depressing ; it is practically jew-less ; and , at best , the majority of a certain denomination of christians here ignore me . ( by the way , i am planning to move to a city ! ) by the way , do n't bother writing to me to tell me that i am " wrong " , or to invite me to things like the bible study at your church . believe me , with all the praying for me that is going on in this town , and all the myriad attempts to convert me , if it has n't happened by now , as they say in these parts , it just ai n't gonna happen
dvd pos 619.txt this is my second favorite john woo movie with great touches of action and drama , when i first saw this film ( about 5 years ago ) i was n't used to seeing this much violence on screen ( and i thought lethal weapon was extremely violent at that time ) i was in shock and more then once my jaw dropped . this film is very violent but compared to other action films this is really tame nowadays . the minor points of this film would be some bad acting to some worse acting in some spots , some weird cuts and editing , the subs were terrible , as the same with the audio quality and some of the camera work is bad , but this is john woo 's first ( if you can count heroes shed no tears ) landmark heroic bloodshed film so we all know he could have done worse much worse . yun fat chow , ti lung and leslie chung have their good moments to bad moments , most of the good moments goes to chow and ti while leslie had only one or two moments . the plot is like this a cop must confront his criminal brother . that 's it . if your the typical hollywood action goer this is your perfect find . but as i said if your new to the heroic bloodshed films do n't make this your first one , i 'll say stick with the killer and hard boiled for a few weeks then move on . but if your the hollywood action movie goer make this your first if you can handle it move on to the other heroic bloodshed films and so on . this film is a big landmark in the action genre and a even bigger landmark to the underground action genre . i really recommend this film to any action fan ! ! ! !
books neg 824.txt i 'm very disappointed in this book , although some information in it is valuable , it will take a long time to read the entire book cover to cover . it is an excellent textbook but not a handy guide to flip to on a regular basis and find ideas for what you need . although broken into sections , they are not readily found or visible . one must search the information needed as in a research assignment . the reproducibles are mainly for elementary grades . this was not stated in the very short and brief summary of it 's contents , on-line . although the price was reasonable , i 'm not pleased with the way the book is organized & amp ; printed
software pos 73.txt if you decide to buy a current greeting card program , there are really only two front-line choices : art explosion greeting card factory ( currently version 5 ) or hallmark card studio ( currently 2006 ) . there are other programs available specifically for creating cards , but most of them are low quality and outdated , and are n't really worth considering . ( a competitive third product featuring american greetings designs is sadly now long outdated ; the designs in the american greetings program were of similar quality to those in the hallmark package ) . so how do these two products match up ? without a question , if you are looking for quality " canned " cards , the hallmark program wins . the hallmark designs are professional , and are equal in quality to cards you would purchase in a store . in contrast , the designs in art explosion are adequate but surely not up to the quality of a store-bought card . the hallmark program is also able to simply and correctly print to several different types of card store ( although you are stuck with the choices pre-programmed into the software unless you want much frustration ) . the art explosion does a poorer job of correctly and simply printing to a variety of card stock and configurations . art explosion beats the hallmark program in editing options ( more extensive ) , and in the amount of additional art ( clipart , etc. ) included with the package . if you do not plan to use the " canned " cards , then i would recommend art explosion . but the average user will likely appreciate the professional , high quality cards in the hallmark package . personally , i consider the choice of the hallmark package over art explosion a no brainer . a note on versions : the publisher comes out with a new version of the hallmark program every year ( 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , etc. ) and the same is true for art explosion greeting card factory . having used many of these versions , i find very little reason to recommend upgrading year by year . disappointingly , the stock cards in the hallmark program do not seem to have changed appreciably in many years , and the same is true for art explosion .
music pos 983.txt her voice takes my breath away , i fell in love with her . i highly reccomend it
music pos 553.txt i am new to ron sexsmith . where have i been ? this cd is outstanding and so soothing... . the instrumentals are soul syrup , the melodies are whipped cream and the lyrics are full of cherries , nuts and fudge sauce.....it is putting something so sweet and so nurturing into the hearts and minds of the hungry and starving . i am still in the stage where his songs resonate in my mind just before i fall asleep at night and that waking up means i get to hear his " comfort food " again... . this honeymoon will last forever... . fall in love folks , it 's worth the risk....calorie free , i promise...thanks ron , god speed !
camera pos 459.txt product is working good and clarity is fine . but i found the next version product ( with remote ) cost lower than this product .
health pos 418.txt works like a charm . it is absolutely worth the price . i would buy another in a heartbeat
books neg 81.txt when i realized early on the time i would waste on this assemblage of leftover quips packaged around a absurd concept , i resolved that i would alert other readers . generally i enjoy this author 's works and anticipated this latest tome . i was surprised and dissappointed to find a lengthy novel which did nothing to disguise it 's clues or probable developments . everything was telegraphed and nothing was original . the conclusion was so lame that i was shocked that there was no effort to build suspense or intrigue . my advice is to skip this one and wait for the reviews on his next
books pos 134.txt compiled , arranged and edited by sara st. antoine , stories from where we live : the great lakes is a delightful and enthusiastically recommended anthology of stories , essays , and poems drawn from a diversity of talented authors , all of whom are celebrating the richness of daily life and the wilds of the great lakes region of north america . suitable for young readers of all ages , these memorable tales and stories are enhanced with simple black-and-white illustrations to make the land , its creatures , and the people who saw and settled upon it come alive
books pos 478.txt i intend to have the very first item in this read at my memorial service - which i hope wo n't be soon ! some of this was slightly dated , but always good reading . he had such a unique take on his world and such a down-to-earth way of looking at the goings-on around him .
dvd pos 678.txt i have always liked this movie . along with the horror , there 's some comedy thrown in .
health pos 285.txt i have owned many beard trimmers , but this is by far the best .
books neg 289.txt this book started well , but fell flat in the middle . what little conflict there was in the beginning was resolved halfway through . even the shooting incident could n't manage to hold my interest because it was resolved so quickly . well , i did n't bother to finish it- -i have limited time for reading , and i do n't like to waste it .
books pos 693.txt alien invasion stories have been done to death since h.g. wells gave us the war of the worlds so it is extraordinarily difficult to come with a new slant to this time-honored genre . well , william c . dietz pulls it off with death day and the concluding volume earth rise . what sets death day apart from most of the invasion tradition is , first of all , the invading force being made up of different races . this makes an interesting dynamic and gives the enemy character as their squabbles , in-fighting and fight for freedom ( some are slaves to others ) make for something new , different and engaging . also , using racism amonst the aliens as well as the surviving human population rings a true , and tragic , note . the surviving pockets of humanity withdraw within themselves , close off their borders and horde resources . the aliens favor people of color and place them as overseers as human slaves are forced to work building alien temples on earth . and , sadly , collaborators work with the invading force to control the humans . but the seeds of rebellion have been planted . humans and enslaved aliens are fighting back and this first book sets up an alliance between the enslaved races . all this is interesting stuff and makes for a fresh approach . i enjoyed this book and recommend it highly . dietz is the best sf writer working today when it comes to letting character drive the story no matter the setting .
books neg 458.txt what a complete and utter waste of time . its obvious how these guys got dubbed the nutroots
software pos 693.txt when i tried this program out , i at first had some trouble running it . but then i went to the website at : www.kutoka.com and click on the support tab and then select easyspeak spanish . they give you a link for the version of flash 8 you need to run . after this everything worked well . while some may have been offended by bathing suits . not me and not my kids . there is absolutly nothing obscene here folks . this program is the best thing going for learning spanish quickly ! and it is fun to use with the many games and puzzles that you work out with real life scenerios . very artistic and fun . you can go to the bank , the hospital , and several different places , learn a new set of words and situations . that you could really use in a foreign country . my hats off to the designers and creators of this program . well done ! ! bravo ! muy bien .
books neg 803.txt the writing was not what i expect of andre norton . too many gaps and information that is disjointed . whether this is a consequence of collaboration i do n't know . i felt this should have had a strong editor to point out where things should be tightened . for example - at the start we know kirion has sent people to capture his sister . the book covers over 2 years , but you hardly hear of this again . i cannot imagine the sorcerer would just have let it drop . i am a long-time fan and retired children 's librarian . sic fi & fantasy is my favorite genre , but this one i had to push to finish . unsatisfying .
health pos 96.txt now that i 'm writing this review , it seems silly that i 'm so happy over such a small thing as a toothbrush . but i am . i bought this item not long after i had my first ( and hopefully only ) root canal and crown four years ago , something which i never again want to experience in my life ( as someone else described , it was painful and expensive ) . growing up , i did n't take care of my teeth like i should 've , so i 'm accustomed to always being told there 's either a cavity , or the start of one , and having to have more work done . after the root canal , my mom recommended a brush that had at least a certain number of pulsations / oscillations , because that 's what she 'd been recommended by her dentist to combat her receding gums . this specific item met those requirements , and it was affordable . when i first started using it , my gums were very sensitive to it , but that quickly wore off , so it seems to me that it strengthens the gums . it is also much easier to get behind the front teeth . subsequent dentist vists by my mom have shown that her gums have improved dramatically after using a high-quality electric toothbrush such as this one ( i honestly do n't remember if she has this exact model , but ours are similar ) , and i 've not needed any work done at the dentist beyond regular cleanings since i purchased it . as far as cleaning the unit to keep it from " gunking " up , i 'm the only person who uses this item , so any extra toothbrush heads are still in the package they came in , not dripping into the storage container ; so i do n't know how to combat that . but i just take the toothbrush head off the thing and rinse it , then rinse the hand-held part , and set them back on the unplugged charger / base ( i only plug it in when the battery runs low ) and things stay clean with no problem
music neg 721.txt only way you are gonna like this music is if you are some depressed emo kid who listens to punk rock music just because it is punk , and you think that 'll make you cool . this cd just does n't display musical talent , maybe originality , but this is not high quality music
health pos 720.txt great smell . worth the cost . cleans great . i have used this laundry soap for quite some time now and happy .
camera neg 905.txt i spend hours pouring over reviews trying to decide which ultracompact was the best deal and the best overall camera . in the end , it came down to panasonic 's fx01 and cannon 's sd600. i read the warnings from other reviewers that the panasonic 's images were n't top quality , but i chose to ignore those reviewers because on paper the fx01 looks like it would out perform the sd600. i was wrong . after using the fx01 for a few days i knew what those other reviewers were talking about - grainy photo after grainy photo . i really really wanted this camera to be great , but it just wasn't . actually , my old 3mp camera took better shots then the 6mp fx01 ! very disappointing . i ended up returning this camera to amazon ( very easy-great service ) because of the poor image quality . i mean , wanting good photographs is why you take photos , right ? i know someone with the sd600 and he 's very happy with the quality . judging by the customer images on the sd600 's page on amazon , i think i should 've gone with cannon
music pos 823.txt bireli is not only one of the best living guitar players in gypsy jazz - he is also one of the most creative . on this album , he gives us a new take on django 's music that is simply stunning . " move " has a smaller , more focused sound that it 's predecessors , and the addition of the saxophone brings a really fresh twist to this great old music . bireli is one of the hottest jazzmen around - this disc is all the evidence you 'll need to draw the same conclusion . bravo !
books pos 355.txt firstly , i have not seen the film adaptation of ' single white female ' and so this review is n't tainted one way or the other . this book , about the stolen identity of a young woman by her psychotic flatmate , is written is very easy style . characterizations , prose , and dialogue are all straightforward . i can understand why a film was made based on it since the book reads more like a screenplay than a novel . and the book 's " feel " is anything but original . ' sliver ' by ira levin does a better job of capturing the essence of life ( and danger ) in manhattan for a single , white female . still , ' single white female ' is an entertaining read . bottom line : a very enjoyable , suspenseful read that does n't tax the brain . recommended
books neg 644.txt i did not find this book very helpful when it came to identification . it did help with classification and mapping
dvd pos 440.txt a film that centers on four friends who made a pact to leave their small town arrive at zero hour and must decide if they will go through with it . the story is simple enough , and not a whole lot happens . but there 's no denying it , this movie is enjoyable and aesthetically pleasing in every way . it 's a treat to see an intelligent movie where the main charachters are teenagers , and that the film does n't have to resort too fart jokes for an audience . not one charachter is stereotyped . they are human , and they 'll probably remind you of people you know . i applaud this kind of a movie , and i wish there would be more of them
software pos 727.txt this is the second generation of this software i have owned . it is a great navagation tool , better than most online sites and can be used in the car . i marvel at how up to date the roads shown are because in the lexington , kentucky area we have had a lot of new growth , with new streets and roads . the software contains a lot of good eating and lodging places already placed on the map , so you do n't have to do a separate search to find a place to eat or spend the night . major points of interest are also on the map
books pos 380.txt i have just finished reading & quot ; the power of ethical management , & quot ; and i thought it was well written . in the past few weeks i have read several other books on business ethics and this one is my favorite . it is short and exact with great details on how to improve your corporation as well as yourself . this book not only can be applied to the work place but in your life at home , family , friends , and children . this book has helped me greatly
dvd pos 962.txt firstly , do n't let the dvd region 1 status put you off - i am in australia and this disc played perfectly on my pc , dvd player and even the ps2 ! it 's wonderful to finally see an intimate performance by elvis costello on dvd ! it brought so many memories of his tour in 2004 back to me . elvis fans will love this dvd featuring his latest music , along with many oldies , it is very rare to get up close and personal with this man ! elvis gives 100% of himself on stage ! a must for your music dvd collection
dvd neg 936.txt wow , this was awful ! the best thing about this dvd is that it does n't last long . my boyfriend and i sat down to watch this together ( in the mood to begin with ) and both of us were completely turned off by it . the woman is not even naked , and wears a nightie throughout the dvd . she also is extremely hairy ( a matter of personal taste i know , but this was very extreme ) . the tone of it was decidedly unsexy , more of a strictly how-to than a way to excite the watcher ( s ) . it seemed to me to be very low-budget and unimaginative . spend your money on something else if you 're looking for sexual excitement. .
books neg 635.txt my blood was boiling as i read other customers ' rave reviews of " the prince of tides . " whoever considers this thesaurus-scrubbing , self-indulgent mess of cliches a literary masterpiece has no sense of language and literature . someone was even audacious enough to compare pat conroy to virginia woolf . what a joke ! woolf 's writing is brilliant , original , and real . she cuts to the quick , whereas conroy slathers his story in cloying metaphors and trite descriptions . one can almost see conroy congratulating himself on each simile and metaphor as he writes , not caring how superfluous or artificial his language is - - nor how unrealistic it makes the story . i laughed out loud at some of the words he puts in the characters ' mouths . in the real world , nobody is as self-concious and self-reflexive as the characters in this book . they do not speak in reams of figurative language . i cannot even get into how inconsistent and impossible the characters are , especially the children . also , conroy caricatures both places and exaggerates the cultural gulf between them . ( i make that claim as a southerner who lived in nyc for four years . ) it 's one of many , many flaws in this ridiculous book . read it if you like sensational stories with mass appeal ( john irving , etc. ) , but avoid it if you have any respect for the english language and for real american literature ( cheever , plath , hemingway , cather , etc. ) . do n't be fooled by all the fools out there .
music pos 809.txt ' live etc ' is an absolute must-have compilation for all true gong fans.it features a total of fifteen live tracks of tunes that originally appeared on the band 's key albums ' camembert electrique ' , ' flying teapot ' , ' angel 's egg ' and ' you' .taken from unreleased live soundboard tapes ( i assume ) from shows between 1973-75.absolute best cut here is " where have all the flowers gone ? " along with " 6 / 8 tune " , that are the disc 's only unreleased material.other cosmic gems include " dynamite / i am your animal " , " isle of everywhere " , " oily way " and " master builder " .duration is 78:33.heard they wanted to add the 16th cut that was originally on the 2-lp record , but the cd simply would n't hold it.talk about wanting to give your fans their money 's worth.long live the mother gong ship ! recommended
camera pos 231.txt it 's good as my title says , however , i found one con about it is there is no place i can put a string on it so that i have to put it in my pocket when i take it off
health pos 337.txt having previously owned battery powered travel razors , i was always disappointed with their power and battery life . after all , what 's the point ditching a heavier charger and razor if you have to carry a load of extra batteries and still end up stubbly faced ? the braun 370-bk was a pleasant surprise , however ; powerful enough to hack through my hiking stubble and plenty of juice for an extended outing . i also liked the folding design which protects the cutting surfaces and keeps the cleaning brush from getting lost . a great piece of tech at a good price
health pos 3.txt i bought this gadget with the intent of monitoring my daily steps to get an idea of where i was currently to establish some sort of baseline so that i could get a reality check on my activity levels . i opened the box , read the easy directions , set up my personal step measurement ( just measure off the distance of your 10 steps ) , and clipped it on my pants and forgot about it for the day . i was surprised to find out that a corpse could probably move around more during the day than me ! over the next 6 days , ( this pedometer keeps track of 7 days of steps for you ) ; i literally stepped up my game and went from 756 steps with no aerobic exercise on day 1 , to 7 , 880 steps with 30 minutes of nonstop aerobic exercise on day 3 ! every day has been getting easier to achieve the 10 , 000 " normal " steps , and increasing the aerobic steps too ( which are tracked separately ) . i can press the mode button , check out how many miles my steps translate to , kilocalories burned , aerobic steps , and compare it with the past 7 days as well . it has turned out to be even more fun than what i originally bought it for . i actually feel better , and the fun part is that i am trying to beat my own personal record from the previous day ! this has been an eye-opening experience for me , and i keep this on or in my pocket all the time now , just to make sure i keep a mindful eye on my steps and aerobic activity for the day
music neg 704.txt inspiring ? no ! pleasant ? no ! entertaining ? no ! worthwhile ? no ! what are you folks sniffing out there anyway ? whatever it is , please consider passing it along , because other than the single authentic and melodic track by patsy cline ( i.e. , back in baby 's arms , which is available on a zillion other collections including some of her own ) , this cd does n't have an ounce of redeeming musical , lyrical or social value in my view . nada ! zip ! even the dylan track is junk ! the entire cd is essentially drivel , put to the dull , homicide-provoking sound of endless , droning noise , with an overall signal-to-noise ratio of about one ( 1.0 ) ! ! ! what a waste of an a-to-d converter
music pos 668.txt i felt compelled to write a review having read another written by someone who gave it one out of five stars . i felt it a grossly misleading and inaccurate review , so here i am.. . as a musician i could think of nothing more intimidating than attempting to cover a buckley song . their fan bases are fiercely loyal and protective of their material . so first things first i would like to congratulate the artists for their bravery . furthermore a quick glance down the list of performers will quell any suspicions that this is ' just another tribute record cashing in on someone else 's success ' , these are musicians that know what they 're doing . what struck me the most was the variety of voices on this disc ; you have the ethereal whisper of sufjan stevens , sweet folk harmonies of the magic numbers , the lazy drawl micah p . hinson . not only that , but these are great interpretations from the jeff & tim cannon . very inspired and innovative - a beautiful accordion riff on ' grace ' , an irish-jig inflected ' no man can find the war' ...these artists do not desire to replace jeff or tim , they 're merely reuniting us with what they left us - their music .
health neg 343.txt i quite liked this trimmer while it worked well , so i 'm disappointed at how it has held up through only a little over six months . as of now the battery will hold barely any charge , if at all . it 's frustrating to have it crap out on me after initially being pleased with its functions
books neg 18.txt all throughtout this book alex delaware and his police friend milo never stop ruminating over every new fact they uncover . they have endless discussions on how a new tidbit might fit into the overall picture . the reader longs for the pair to actually do something . in the end the author walks away without even tying up all the main strings . that is really dirty pool after making the reader wade through all the yakking . i read and enjoyed several of the early alex delaware books and then quit looking for new ones , now i know why
dvd neg 502.txt i really enjoyed the first urban legends movie , but this one i was not impress by at all . i wish i would have taken these reviews more seriously that i read before buying this dvd . this was an awful cheapo urban legends movie . theres nothing here to come close of where the first urban legends was . i see now theres a third urban legends movie out , im not sure if that ones good or bad , like this one . if you have a couple of bucks to blow , go ahead and get this one . if you seriously want a good atleast kinda scary movie , look else where . p.s. no wonder this dvd is only $9.00 bucks
health pos 779.txt i was having a problem with over-eating and eating when i was n't hungry and as a result , gained quite a bit of weight , and felt awful . i 've only been using this product for three days , but already my portion size has shrunk immensely and my energy is way up . i have n't felt jittery or shaky . i feel better than i have in months . i would recommend this to those who also have problems with cravings or portion size and want to drop some un-needed weight
software neg 206.txt they have the hebrew backwards ! ! you are supposed to read hebrew right to left-the opposite of english and this cd has it left to right . i find it extremely confusing . i know how to read hebrew and i wanted to learn how to speak it . what a poor effort !
health pos 380.txt had i read these reviews before buying this , i probably would n't have purchased it . but i had been looking at the much more expensive sonicare toothbrushes after my dentist recommended sonicare after i asked . i did n't ask if there was a certain model that he recommended , so i assumed i 'd have to pay from $40- $150 for a sonicare . when i saw this one for $30 at target , i figured i did n't have much to lose . i 've had no problems with any of the other problems mentioned and have been happy with how it makes my teeth feel super clean and has even cleaned this spot that even my dental hygienist could n't get . it turns off automatically after 2 minutes , so i know that i 'm brushing my teeth longer . one thing that takes getting used to is not removing it while it 's going...you 'll splatter toothpaste all over yourself ! :d another plus is not having your tummy jiggle like it does with a manual toothbrush ! ! the only negative is that it goes thru 2 aa batteries about once a month , but the directions said that it lasts about 60 brushes per battery change and that 's about right . i 've started using rechargable batteries and have had no problems .
camera pos 165.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them
health neg 909.txt the description of the ingredients lists " d-alpha tocopherol acetate " as the main ingredient . however , the product bottle indicates that the actual main ingredient is " dl-alpha tocopherol acetate " , an articial and very different version of the advertised ingredient . the amazon.com listing is very misleading
music neg 945.txt carter burwell 's soundtrack music to & quot ; rob roy&quot ; was an early sign that he was not just getting it right . the score is all wrong but so is the movie . this movie needed an uplifting score . carter burwell could not deliver it
dvd neg 368.txt unlike many of the reviewers here , i 'm not a biblical expert and really do n't care if the movie adheres to the stories as they are portrayed in the bible . i would just judge the movie based on its entertainment value and ability to engage me emotionally . the biggest problem with this movie was that it simply seemed to be too long and drawn out . there were also some scenes that felt like padding and added nothing to the story ( and in some cases detracted from it ) . for instance , during the long voyage while the earth was covered by water , everyone goes a bit crazy . that 's an acceptable premise but it 's played out theatrically for far too long and in a variety of embarrassing scenes for the actors . the idea that they suffered madness was fine to introduce but it should n't have taken up so much time nor been quite so adbsurdly plotted out like a little play . there were also a couple of ridiculous encounters on the water ( between lot acting as a pirate and a merchant who sold them various trinkets for water ) which undermined the entire story of the great flood . everyone was supposed to have perished in the flood and it was a bit absurd that a few would be sailing the high seas on little boats . it was just plain silly and , again , seemed to be put in just to pad the story or add unnecessary " spice " ( it did n't work as a means of jazzing up the story ) . i 'm guessing the writers felt the time on the water had to be long to show how noah and his family suffered or had their faith tested but they also felt it had to be more interesting than just lounging on the boat and taking care of the animals . this type of insecurity with telling a story in the most effective way is what causes so many productions to go bad . to the movie 's credit , the actors are quite good and there are some good moments but too much of the movie does n't work .
books neg 217.txt this was required reading for my british literature class . it 's the only novel in the class that i struggled with and only struggled from boredom . it is entirely possible that i just do not understand the genius that is forster , but i did not enjoy this novel . a lover of forster or modernist writing might enjoy it more . it must be a classic for a reason .
music pos 318.txt i just loved this album the songs really related to my life . it was nice to see that there was personal experience involved while writing the songs
books pos 581.txt i 've read a lot of books on real estate sales , but this books is my favorite . jim remley offers comon sense ideas that are easy to implement and are being used by real agents . everyone should read this book .
camera pos 913.txt my husband is away ( military ) and i was looking for the perfect , small but clear , pictures for him . i did n't care about the frame , only the small white digital system . i was hesitant , as my mil has a digital keychain and the picture quality is horrible . i was pleasantly surprised at the picture quality and the ease of both looking at pictures already on an sd card and transferring pictures from the computer . i love that i can use either batteries or the included plug . everything was soooo easy that i did not even need to read the instructions to begin . i also purchased the small case to put this in for travel as the album is just an added extra for later . this is the best investment for anyone looking for something very small and portable . perfect to send a military loved one lots of pictures to keep them involved no matter how far away they are ! then , when he comes home , it 's great for a portable album to carry anywhere
dvd pos 570.txt the shipment was fast also the email response before . the vhs was in very good shape , almost like new ( as said in the description )
software neg 188.txt i found this program simple , easy to operate . however , when creating a dvd project i used a narration for my audio . the narration matched each picture perfectly , when i decided to burn it all of the audio was thrown off . do not count on any tech support . they offer an online chat with tech support but do not respond or are not online at all . you have the option of forking over $35 per incident in order to get a real live person on the phone - but it still does not guarantee it will help . and now , i 'm not even able to burn it ! ! ! ! i hate this program
health neg 933.txt i purchase this press , and was totally disappointed with this product . it takes longer to press a shirt with this so called press , than with an iron . i will be returning
dvd pos 780.txt i 'll make this short and sweet - this is by far the best bond movie of them all , imho . excellent work by connery and the rest of the cast
camera pos 721.txt it 's pretty hard to argue against this at the prices we 're seeing.. . in short , for not so much more than the high end of the bridge cameras ( panasonic dmc-fz50 , fuji s9100 ) you can have this camera with the 2 kit lenses . i imagine that you 'll be very satisfied for paying the difference . 8mp with 2 pretty good kit lenses for under $650 as of 4 / 2007 , and an upgrade path to the e-510 for all the lenses and accessories . once you make that upgrade , what 's left to ask for except a faster burst mode and weather sealing . that 's 10mp , is in-body , sswf and live-view . imho , even if you 're an " entry-level " dslr user , spend the extra $400+ and get the faster 14-54mm f2.8-3.5 lens and get rid of the the 14-45mm f3.5-5.6 lens . the 40-150mm f3.5-4.5 is a very nice lens , with no real peers in the entry-level dslr range as a kit lens that i could see without going 3rd party . this lens put olympus over the edge for me . for that speed of lens over that 35mm equivalent range ( 28-300mm ) , i 'm not sure what else can compete on price . if you have to have a faster lens for the longer zoom , you could cough up the $800+ for the 50-200mm f2.8-3.5 , and even then , that 's a very , very good price for that kind of lens and 35mm equivalent range . the camera has full manual controls , as expected from a dslr , and can drive a newbie like me nuts , but can also keep it simple with it 's auto mode and numerous scene settings ( which i use a good deal ) . if you get this camera , imho , do n't bother with the xd cards . they are very slow in comparison to the less expensive cf cards in this camera . when it comes time to get a flash , go the extra mile and get the olympus fl-36 over the fl-20. i 'm not sure that the fl-50 's warranted at this price point . i was lucky to find one cheap , so i did n't have to research 3rd party flashes . i confess to having been a pixel-peeper and compared the high-iso samples from this camera to the canons and nikons of the world . it 's definitely not bad in direct comparison , but after you 're done resizing and touching up the photos , you 'll never notice , imho . on the down side , the raw files ( .orf ) do n't seem to be compressed , and they 're not exactly small at 14mb . all in all , not much to complain about here
health neg 222.txt i received this tweezer for christmas , so i 'm glad i did n't spend anything for it because it 's not even worth 50 cents . the tweezer portion does not grip on to any hairs . it 's a piece of crap as far as i 'm concerned . do not bother purchasing this product , if you do , you 'll regret it
dvd neg 548.txt the only reason i gave this dvd set 2 stars , instead of the 5 that i would rate the show itself , is because there are absolutely no extras on this dvd set . no featurettes , no cast interviews , not even any episode commentaries . while i appreciate the studios putting the season sets out in such a timely manner , i 'd prefer they take a little longer and give us some fun extras to go along with the wonderful episodes
music neg 489.txt unfortunately ttd went off the deep end on this album . consequently he put off many fans from buying the brilliant next album & quot ; symphony or damn&quot ; and the superb follow up & quot ; vibrator&quot ; . if you loved the first album , give this one a miss and get the two i just mentioned . come on ttd hurry up and release a new album
software neg 767.txt my daughter and another second-grade friend both got bored of this game after 20 minutes of staring at a horse standing in a stall and listening to a cat meow . the controls are not very logical , and there is no animation to speak of
books neg 387.txt i had to buy this book for a class . it is an extremely boring read and i struggle to keep myself awake while reading it ( as does the rest of the class i am told ) . it does tell you about dreamweaver though and i suppose that is its purpose . one thing that i do not like is the way the author is constantly bashing internet explorer and other isp's . his personal opinions are a real turn-off and unnecessary
dvd neg 464.txt why american production make hk movies look so cheap ? first of all , they cut off so much scene , second of all ruin it by making look act so dumb by english dubb . always stick with original licensed hk release . be careful with cheap imports , boots , and bulls though
health neg 27.txt i own a more expensive braun but bought this model as a gift for someone who i was n't sure if he would use an electic toothbrush . after 7 months , the toothbrush wo n't turn off-something is shorted out . unfortunately i no longer have the receipt . my more expensive model which i use multiple times a day has been problem free for over five years
health pos 121.txt i suffer from upper back and shoulder tension . i 've been using neck warmers for years but recently lost the only one i had . after looking at many warmers , i chose the happy wrap . the wrap stays warm for more than an hour and has the moist heat which is perfect for tense muscles . my yorkshire terrier ca n't wait until i 'm done using it and fights with the cat to get it when i 'm finished .
music pos 837.txt for those who have watched the movie jaws ( ask yourself , who has n't ) will know that one of many key elements that made the movie a huge success was the fantastic score john williams did for it . this cd captures all the music from the movie perfectly , with some new elements thrown in that are not found in the film . the linear notes are bright and colourful and provide some interesting information , which gives the overall package a nice touch . the overall cd package is certainly not a rushed effort and is worth every cent . a highly recommended purchase for those who love their soundtracks or anyone who wants to relive the film through the music
software neg 73.txt this roxio software has caused me the most bizarre and frustrating experience ever . first , it does n't work . second , i cannot obtain any support from roxio to find out why . they wo n't give support until you register , the only way to register is to follow a web link that comes with the software , and it takes you to a website that either does n't exist , or is always down . thus , it turns out to be a complete waste of money , not to mention several hours of time . run , do n't walk away from this software and this company
software neg 773.txt the " bad serial number " routine as the first reviewer . i 'll try adobe customer service when i stop fuming
dvd neg 756.txt why ? because it has good sound dts hd 5.1 master lossless audio the picture quality will not blow you away it just seams flat and washed out and this just isnt a good movie i like tim burton and mark wahlberg but this movie was done wright the first tim
books pos 47.txt i read the good doctor 's book eat to live and then bought china study which he talks a lot about in this book . then i bought this book being curious after reading a few other books on fasting and this book wins hands down though i do feel he 's being overly cautious about doing long fasts of more than 5 days without medical supervision to protect himself as people have been doing long fasts for centuries without medical supervision and doing just fine and since finding a doctor in even a large community is rare indeed one is left to do this on their own . being a vegetarian for more than 37 years i became an almost 100% vegan after reading eat to live and have to say that i feel great with more energy and even started reducing anti-depression med i 've been taking for severe depression . yesterday i took my last pill ! all week i 've been emptying my refrigerator in order to start my water fast tomorow . and reducing my one cup of coffee in the norning to none because i remember clerly that awful caffiene withdrawl healache , i 'm going to do 10 days and hoping for 14. i 've done 3 day fast before and one 5 day and that was great . yes , there are some flaws in both books and i wish the good doctor would have made use of a good editor as it 's not as professionally written as it could be and the recipes in eat to live are atrocious with too much canned foods and not healthy organic foods but i 'll forgive him because he got me on the china study which changed my life and his studies and own experience helping people get well are good and inspiring . why am i going on a 10 day detox water diet ? i read randall fitxgerald 's one hundred year lie and that was the catalyst that pulled it all together for me . a detox fast absolutely necessary after my years on earth and after too many years on anti-depressants i 'm keeping dr. fuhrman 's fasting book close by during the next 10 hopefully 14 days for support and encouragement . i did make the mistake of telling my coworkers that i was starting a 10 day fast though the good doctor warned me not to . the comments from them were typical i suppose knowing their health or lack of but i held my tongue . those comments are just like the stupid ones some of the reviewers of dr. fuhnman 's books make along with other nutrituion books . but i thinkof the wisest words , " you are responsible for your own health " and think about my not being able to remember the last time i had a cold and the last flu i had in 1964 and smile . i do n't intend to support the ill-begotten medical-pharmecutical industry . the last time i went to the dr. i promptly firedhim after his continued to badger me into getting manograms . and other tests , i repeated that i eat well etc and he said nutrition had nothing to to do with breast cancer and i just walked out of his office forever . i 'd rather read a book
books neg 70.txt i did n't know why i chose to read this book . anyway , it was disappointing , really . the book was slow , and it was too long for a story of its type . i mean , i think the book could go on without some of the parts . when i was reading it , i only thought of putting it down because it 's making me go crazy . i thought the plot was shallow , but taylor 's self-conflict was even shallower . he kept on blaming himself about his father 's death well then it 's really his fault ! he was a coward . if you do n't believe me , go on and read about it.. . although you might get bored getting to that part because it 's towards the end . and i hated it when this stupid conflict got in the way with his relationship with denise . he was acting really immature ! he should have at least thought about denise but he was too selfish . it really sucked . and yes , i know that this is supposed to be a romance novel.. . but i kept on looking for that love factor althroughout the book . and what did i find ? nothing . oh , what a waste . it 's like sparks tried very hard to make the situations in the story seem romantic but as a reader , it did n't really capture the whole essence of what romantic situations should be like . if it had n't been for my hrr ( home reading report ) i would n't have finished reading this at all . i guess i 'm saying this because i 'm not into this genre . love stories are fine but this one.. . nah
music neg 659.txt 2nd time .
software neg 548.txt i bought taxcut this year because it was inexpensive and included business tax forms for my partnership . for the money i guess i 'm satisfied with the partnership results , but that 's where it ends . taxcut for federal taxes is not integrated with taxcut for business.. . ok so what do you want for cheap . but , it also is n't well integrated with the massachusetts state tax version , leaving me to go figure how to deal with what it calls " special " situations ( unreimbursed partner expenses and interest from out of state banks , for example ) . overriding form data is painful and the program complains that if i override calculated data i can not e-file ( not that i would trust it to e-file my taxes ) . form navigation is hopeless . i can only imagine what someone who is n't experienced with tax preparation could accomplish with this mess . i filed for an extension ; now i 'm probably going to buy turbotax to do the actual federal and state returns . with a deep discount , i would probably purchase taxcut again for the partnership taxes , because it is slightly easier to use than the excel spreadsheets i 'd been using ( but only because i do n't have to copy the numbers from the spreadsheets into the forms ) . honestly , you would think there would be some tax software that is better than the non-functional taxcut without the overblown , fatty and expensive too-many-talking-heads turbotax alternative
books neg 166.txt i wonder how long it will be before frost 's literary stock is devalued as much as it deserves to be . these are trite and banal poems that do not ring true or sincere . frost seems distant from both his poems and the reader . what he has to say is obvious and unoriginal . how he says it is on the level of a hallmark greeting card at its best ; at its worst , it is no better than a limerick . posthumous revelations about his horrific cruelty to others and his shrewd creation / manipulation of his celebrity image as the new england farmer-poet only confirm that there was something seriously wrong with this man and his poems that an earlier generation missed . how earlier generations could find genius in such obvious observations is astounding . bad poetry from a twisted man
dvd pos 697.txt any sam kinison fan needs to own this dvd or video . you get 2 of sam 's hbo specials plus many special stand up features and sam 's home movies . the only reason i did not give this box set a 5 star rating is the fact that in the first special feature called : rare stand up ( i love the special features on dvds ) , sam told many jokes that were already on the hbo special . other than that , sam 's comedy is unlike anything you will see today . he will really be thought of as a comedy legend . these dvd 's will crack you up . i would recomend buying the sam kinison cds , live from hell , and have you seen me lately ? the cd 's ( just listen to them in your car or at home ) will give you the complementary material you need ( plus the hbo specials ) to truely love sam kinison . he is one of the best , and you will be satisfied with with any purchase . just buy 1 cd or dvd and you will be hooked
camera pos 884.txt awesome , compact camera that takes remarkably sharp pics - very easy to use touchscreen and ( my favorite ) reliable stabilization feature
health neg 251.txt the first one of these i received broke after 2 uses . target.com quickly sent a replacement at no charge , and now that one has broken after about 5 uses . very frustrating , because otherwise it seems like a good system
music neg 409.txt ...when you 're gearing up for suicide . this whole album sounds like the last thoughts and comments of a person who 's going to just end it all . i found myself suffering nightmares , fatigue , misery and paranoia . my ears unclogged but i started getting headaches and a fuzzy feel in my head . this is not a good album for the stressed , because it will just make you feel worse . i find this album unlikable and mostly unenjoyable . when i first listened to it it sounded inaccessable , after listening to it more and more i started to get more " into " it , but i ca n't say i found it a good place to be in . it 's a somewhat interesting album , but it mostly just dragged me down , made me nervous , numb and hurt my head . people say this is great music . let them say what they want . give me some old fashioned enjoyable music that does n't make a pest of itself . kid a is just ok to me , and has n't been worth all the effort to " get into " . this almost seems like a sadomasochistic album to spank the listeners . i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something , but to hear some " weird " music like this that has miles more heart and is alot kinder to the ears , try " passengers " by u2. and thom york sings like a muppet on this album . by the way i 've enjoyed radiohead 's first three albums quite a bit ( including pablo honey - - why are people always busting its chops ) .
dvd neg 351.txt the kit was not worth its price . the spatial effect is poor . i 've been watching some much better 3d movies with much cheaper red-blue paper glasses . no , i do n't have visual problem , and i rigged up everything correctly . the dvds itself were not interesting . my kids were not impressed much . it were not made me happier with the pack . sorry this review seems against the others , but it is my truth . i 've stored it back into the box . i do n't recommend this for you
software pos 506.txt tiger is simply the most advanced personal operational system on earth ! i am an advanced used . i have used all sorts of operational systems in the last decades : irix ( unix from silicon graphics ) , sunos ( unix from sun ) , linux , and also the bad written windows . everytime i used windoze in the last 20 years , i had to deal with crashes , hanging , lost of data and hours of configurations , tuning , adjusts , cleaning , etc. even today , everytime i shutdown windoze , it hangs , due to some program crashing . it 's a true joke ! ! ! on february 2005 i decided to buy a mac and give it a try . i bought a mac mini and started using it . what i have to say is that i am using it for more than an year without an issue , without a crash . system is solid as rock . some bad written programs eventually crash , but never the system . and i am the kind of guy who works with several heavy programs with heavy documents opened at the same time . mac never crashed . i am about to suggest apple a way to make it crash , so we can rest a little bit , instead of working all the time . so much trouble i had in the past with windoze that even today , while i am using the mac , i feel like it will crash at any time . fortunately it never crashed . beyond those functions advertised by apple , you will see that macos is a superb gold mine for those who want to explore under the hood . filled with thousands of powerfull unix commands and programs , you will be able to perform miracles . microsoft is copying everything it can from tiger and advertising it as revolutionary features of up comming windows ( hasta la ) vista . i cannot see a single revolutionary function on vista , as everything already exists on tiger . the most amazing is some sites on the web comparing vista ( a vaporware not yet launched ) with tiger ( an actual product ) . the only thing gates forgot is that one month after vista is released , apple will launch leopard that will take the crown from tiger . what i can say you is that for the first time on years i have joy of using a personal computer .
health neg 188.txt i bought this product with great expectations that it would save my not-so-inexpensive victoria secret bras from excessive wear in the washing machine . it does do this , though the product is not very user friendly when your bra is fairly large cupped . i suppose if you have smaller cupped bras , this device works wonderfully . as for the larger dd or bigger cups , you have to tuck and there is a large overlap on the smaller interior ball . also , another problem i have found is that the larger cups with underwire are really hard to use with this ball . again , due to the size of the larger cups . otherwise , i would think that this is a great product for use with smaller cupped bras
software pos 412.txt do n't listen to the whinnier . if you are serious about improving your focus and memory skills , this helps . you must use this program for 15 minutes everyday or you will be wasting your time and money . it is worth the effort ! i noticed immediate results of being able to retain more info and having more focus at work . i also purchased the music cd 's produced by the same company . they are helpful as well . i use them at work , at home , and in the car . the brain builder booklet mentions the cd's . if you want to stop looking stupid because you ca n't remember information or you 're tired of getting lost while driving , this will help you
music neg 192.txt can this be the same d-12 that packed in witty rhymes in a non-serious demeaner ? well , i guess this really does prove they are only a side-show . eminem has different production , so the group will have different production . eminem went more serious , now the group is more serious . besides that , shady himself ( or what is left of what he use to be ) is basically a no-show . in any track eminem 's in , it 's usually the strongest , and that is the case here ; however , that does n't mean he was great . that means the cd itself is misconfusion , contradiction , and a side-show for eminem 's next cd ( " encore " , which was better then this , but not that great overall , as well ) . d-12 is the commercials to the eminem show , everyone 's just waiting to get in between them . that 's the case here
software neg 264.txt i wanted a simple product with a good red eye removal tool . this program does not do well with fixing red eye . software did not come with a manual . i am computer literate yet i found this software not easy to navigate . i found hp essentials which is a free download from the hp website to be a better program .
dvd pos 157.txt there are n't enough movies like this these days . family oriented ( centered actually ) , adventure with edutainmental attributes . great cast , great score , great ( albeit goofy ) story . people give this film too much credit for being implausible , which is exactly what makes it so much fun to imagine the ramifications if it were true . if you 're looking for adventure and fun , thrilling characters in a family film , this is it
camera pos 966.txt i liked this lens . i used it , for the first time , while traveling through peru . it was light-weight and easy to use . at 200mm , most of my pictures turned out great , especially when i was on steady ground ( taking pictures from a rocking boat with no tripod is a bit of a challenge ! ) . i 've printed some 8x10 's of close-ups i took using this lens and i was quite impressed with the quality . it was also in my price range . overall , i 'd say it was a " good bang for the buck .
dvd pos 645.txt this movie helps brings to life what you have read in the bible about john and future world events . you must see this movie
camera neg 191.txt yes , it does provide a bit more eye relief , and can make it easier to see the whole frame ( by making it smaller ) , but there is a major problem with this . the eyepiece lens surface will not be as deeply couched in the rubber trim when you use this , and the result is a lot more reflections flashing around in the eyepiece when you have light behind you . this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses .
health pos 678.txt shaves great wet or dry . i like it because it pivots real good . no cuts , it was worth every penny
dvd neg 686.txt this film starts out so promising . it could have been a punchy dramatic piece about the nature of belief , and the legitimacy of the concept of free will . instead , the characters dribble into infantile sexuality , and the film becomes a travelog . i ca n't believe this film found financing...a real waste of obvious talent . the effect of the ending is to trivialise the opening premise , hence the film winds up being an exercise in meaninglessness with an unpleasant aftertaste
books neg 556.txt first of all , ike is doing the very thing that tina always said he would do . ike turner will never admit to what he did to tina . tina stayed around him for so long because she promised that she would never leave him like " all the others . " ike took advantage of her . tina her self said she cared very much for him . cher even had seen what was going on and tried to convince tina to leave him . even the girls that danced with tina on stage had whitnessed what happened . tina did not write her autobiography to promote her career , she herself said that she did not want to talk about what happened but the public kept asking her what had went on . so she released her autobiography in 1986 , well after her come-back in 1984. while ike can try to deny it all he wants , the truth is he violently abused tina ! and considering the person ike turner is , i would expect him to do no less than to lie and make a pathetic-excusse of a come-back ! !
books pos 155.txt april of 1865 has been referred to as the month that saved america but april of 1861 may have been just as vital if not more so . it was during this time that washington dc sat completely surrounded by two states that were teetering on the verge of secession . once virginia did leave the union only maryland provided the federal government with a connection to the rest of the nation and it was a tenuous connection at best . abraham lincoln was clearly out of his league in this early stage of the game and he leaned heavily on general winfield scott . for his part , scott was keenly aware of the danger facing washington and began to immediately call for any militia units that could get to dc quickly from loyal northern states . the problem was that these militia units would have to travel through maryland , a slave state that might well consider these yankee troops to be invaders and could easily be pushed into the confederacy by such an affront to state sovereignty . it was also distinctly possible that these militia units might be attacked by not only the people of maryland but also ultimately by the state militia . in the meantime virginia forces had seized the federal armory at harper 's ferry and the gosport navy yard near hampton virginia . rumors are rampant in dc that the virginia militia that had taken harper 's ferry was preparing to move on washington and many in the federal city were in a state of panic . the questions that arise from this drama involve the decision making process on both sides and the ultimate question is of course whether washington dc was ever in any real danger . did the confederacy in fact lose it 's only real chance for ultimate victory during this time period ? david detzer has done an admirable job in this book of not only bringing this evolving drama to life but also of answering these questions in a clear and concise manner . this book reads much like a great historical drama and the author 's writing style is superbly readable . it is rare for the author of a history book to achieve such a sense of drama since the reader usually already knows the outcome . detzer has accomplished this however and although i was keenly aware of what was about to happen at every turn i had a tough time putting the book down . this invigorating writing style is often derisively referred to as popular history but detzer blows the sides off of that old mold by not only offering new information but also keen observations that cut directly to the heart of this eventful period of american history . no hero of american history is spared criticism when criticism is due and conversely even ben butler is praised when his actions merit it . this is the story of those fateful days of april and may of 1861 and it is a story that is well told by this supremely able author . this book is well researched , very well written and the story is told from the point of view of both governments as well as the lowliest private in the pennsylvania militia . it is a story upon which the fate of the united states once turned
dvd pos 926.txt he 's a smart guy and it comes through in the material . ca n't wait till then next dvd release
dvd neg 723.txt i was surprised that so many people childishly attacked the person who gave this movie one-star . someone even accused them of not being young at heart . well , i do n't like this film , and i 'm young at heart ; i 'm just not immature , so try not to confuse the two . some of you need to check your spelling before accusing someone else of bad writing . having said that , on to the film : julie and friends are simply dying to be included in the in-crowd their first year of high school , so on the night julie has a sleepover , they make a deal with some rival girls to go on a " scavenger " hunt , which is basically one huge dare game . the group that fulfills the dares first get to be popular by.. . ( drumroll , please ) sitting at the popular lunch spot . that is , a picnic bench by the school fountain . that 's right ; popularity is not guaranteed by who you sit with , but where you sit . pick the right spot , and you may just magically become queen bee for the rest of the year . in case you could n't tell by my sarcasm , the shallow impracticality of this film truly bugs me at times . we all know the whole popularity thing is practically a tradition for teen chick-flicks , but this film tended to go over the top with a lot of it . granted , a lot of the exaggerated silliness worked for the film ; in fact , the movie 's beginning surprised me with many clever and well-written clips . however , there is such a thing as going too far . the movie becomes absolutely dedicated to making teen girls look like sassy but fashionably ingenuis bimbos and making teen boys look like...well , the dumbest , scruffiest beings that ever stumbled on the planet . not that all the boys are like this , mind you ; there are a few of the god-like types that the girls practically kill themselves for . it got worse , however , when the film attempted to fit in a few serious scenes . if the movie had stuck to pure sarcastic silliness the whole time , it might 've worked . instead , the few attempts to be serious usually fell flat on their faces because the seriousness went in the wrong direction . for example , there was the nauseating scene where poor beaten julie nearly gives up her scavenger hunt and one of her friends says , " julie , i know you can do this ; i believe in you " in a tone which implies that they 're talking about a major life crisis instead of a juvenile daredevil game . the worst " serious " scene , however , is when julie attempts to get into a dance ( therefore fulfilling the final dare ) and the ticket seller wo n't let her in because she does n't have a ticket . suddenly inspired , julie gives the ticket seller a sickening " i know who you are " speech , telling her that she knows she was a nerd her whole high school life and that now , because of her former nerdiness , she 's become a poor ticket seller . julie ends her speech by wailing , " i can see myself being you in four years if i do n't go to this dance ! " the ticket seller leaps to her feet but , instead of punching julie , suddenly breaks into a smile and says , " go ahead and go in ! " um , what ? ? whatever happened to the girls finding out that popularity is n't everything after all and actually getting lives and acting like humans ? ( not to mention that nice sock in the mouth i was hoping julie would get ) . is this what we want to teach our kids , that being dedicated to work makes them nerds and that partying all the time will get them somewhere in life ? i personally think the " nerds " are far better off than the girls who lose their virginity on the first date and party all year rather than learn anything . it was this scene and this message that seriously lowered the film in my opinion . i 'm not sure why the filmmakers decided to end the film with this childish message . maybe they did it on a dare because the popular filmmakers finally offered them a cool lunch spot in exchange . i recommend " never been kissed " and " mean girls " far more than this film ; they have good moral lessons as well as intelligent humor . oh , before i finish , here 's one more valuable lesson from this film : girls , if you want to win a guy who 's never noticed you , all you have to do is strike a cool pose , hop on a skateboard , and ride it directly in front of his car . ( do n't forget to wear an expensive dress and look flawless while you 're at it ) . do this , and he will be so in love with you that he wo n't even care if you tell him that you did something freakish like stealing his underwear . the things we learn from movies , huh ?
dvd pos 704.txt director : sam wood studio : warner home video video release date : january 23 , 1991 cast : clark gable ... brig . gen . k.c. ' casey ' dennis walter pidgeon ... maj . gen . roland goodlaw kane van johnson ... tsgt . immanuel t . evans brian donlevy ... brig . gen . clifton i . garnet charles bickford ... elmer brockhurst john hodiak ... col . edward rayton martin edward arnold ... congressman arthur malcolm marshall thompson ... capt . george washington bellpepper lee richard quine ... maj . george rockton cameron mitchell ... lt. ansel goldberg clinton sundberg ... maj . homer v . prescott ray collins ... maj . desmond lansing warner anderson ... col . ernest haley john mcintire ... maj . belding davis moroni olsen ... congressman stone john ridgely ... james carwood michael steele ... capt . lucius malcolm jenks edward earle ... congressman watson mack williams ... lt. col . virgil jackson james millican ... maj . garrett davenport fred datig jr. bert davidson dennis dengate tay dunn sam flint ... congressman don garner don haggerty ... command officer henry hall ... congressman alvin hammer ... machine shop sergeant clarke hardwicke holmes herbert ... chairman david holt james horne jr. robin hughes john james ... officer george backus colin kenny marten lamont ... raf officer william leicester ... chauffeur peter martin ... command sergeant gregg barton ... sergeant frank mayo john mcguire bill mcivor george melford howard m. mitchell bill neff barry nelson ... cumquat b-baker crewman george offerman ... waiter william ' bill ' phillips ... jeep driver frank j . scannell robin short j . lewis smith buddy swan william tannen arthur walsh ... photographer douglas walton harlan warde wilson wood jimmy zaner william cabanne lane allan joel allen bruce cowling ... operations officer during world war ii the british royal air force maintained nighttime bombing raids over europe , while the united states army air corps made large daylight raids . since the air corps was clearly visible , their losses were heavy . american fighter cover did not have sufficient range to accompany the bombers , mainly the b-17 & quot ; flying fortresses , & quot ; mainly from the eighth air force , all the way to their german targets and back , which made them highly vulnerable . we lost 50 , 000 men in the air over europe during that war . this is the fictional story of some of the men who fought that air war . brig . gen . k.c. ' casey ' dennis ( clark gable ) is in command of a bomber division composed of several groups attempting to destroy the aircraft plants in germany that are producing the messerschmidt 262 jet fighter ( the first operational jet fighter in the second world war ) . the german jet was much faster and better armed than our p-51 ' mustang ' , p-47 ' thunderbolt ' , or p-38 ' lightning ' , our three best escort fighters , and was causing massive losses in the air . dennis was obstructed by higher ranking generals who were worried about the reaction of the politicians and newsmen who were reporting the high losses to the american public . the course of the war was , indeed , in reality , affected by just such considerations , as it is in every war . this is a far better film , and reflected the reality of that particular war far better than i expected . i appreciated it . it was a well-acted , well motivated drama . joseph ( joe ) pierre author of handguns and freedom...their care and maintenance and other books
health pos 499.txt this is 100 percent plastic , makes me nervous dealing with it . the variable sprays are nice , one is so wide it shoots outside the shower . make sure you crank on this when fixing it to the water pipe . i really had to tighten it to keep it from leaking . one other reader snapped hers on the install , i was afraid the same would happen . it is a good shower head , not great
dvd neg 339.txt this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . the characters are unlikeable except for charity 's two friends . the songs are far too long and i had to fast forward through most of them because they were so dull . i was especially disappointed with big spender because i love the song and expected a spectacular dance number from bob fosse and all they did was stand there draped over the bar . the only redeeming factor was that sammy davis jr. was in it . he 's awesome even though the song was fairly stupid . this was my first shirley maclaine film and on the back it said that sweet charity was her best movie . i have no desire to see her other movies then
software pos 601.txt i bought this to transfer lps to cd . it is simple to connect to the computer , and the software is easy to use . just be sure when you download the mp3 encoding program , to put it in the same directory as the lp ripper . the lp recorder works well and is very easy to use . the lp ripper , makes it easy to trim the tracks , and then encode them as mp3 files . when saving them as mp3 's i can get approximately 20 lp 's on one cd . i am very satisfied with the product
music neg 803.txt my two parakeets seem to enjoy this cd a bit , but if you want a cd for relaxing listening , be prepared to be irritated . i tried to go to sleep listening to it one night . i had to turn it off because it just got on my nerves.....i kept thinking it was stuck....like a record stuck in a grrove . it sometimes seems they recorded it by just hitting the & quot ; repeat&quot ; button on a couple of bird sounds . i think i could have done that . i 'm just glad it did n't cost a lot , but now i can see why . sorry for such a bad review , but i just had to tell anyone planning on buying it . i now just play it for my birds when i am not in the room
health neg 633.txt i saw a review that made it seem like these were indistructable . not so ! they tear easily . better than just empty wal mart bags though , but not by much
software pos 25.txt product came in a timely manner and i love it . easy to use and fun too .
dvd pos 367.txt a true love-it-or-hate-it movie : my reaction fits closer with the first group . this gritty look at the dark side of the drug culture plays like an open wound . the parallel stories chronicle a widow who descends into an addiction to diet pills , while her son tries to make a living dealing , although he , his partner , and his girlfriend smoke and snort a lot of the profits . the director 's jarring style fits the subject matter well , and ellen burstyn 's performance as the diet pill addict is nothing short of amazing . julia roberts beat her for best actress in 2000 with erin brockovich , which was a fine role and performance , but burstyn was in another world . those who hate the film will complain about the style and whether the events at the end make any sense . i can understand the second objection , hence four stars rather than five . note : i got this movie from netflix- -i 'm not sure if i was watching the director 's cut or not
health neg 565.txt i have tried other products before and this one gets the whitest results the fastest . however , i was in so much pain about 5 hours afterwards that it even hurt to swallow advil . i used sensodyne and a flouride mouthwash to try to help , but nothing seemed to work . the taste is n't bad and i used the bleach with my own trays that i had made by my dentist , so it did n't leak out or touch my gums . my teeth were n't sensitive while i was using it or even right afterwards , but later in the day . if you have sensitive teeth , i do not recommend this product unless you are willing to go through the pain
dvd pos 86.txt it is the declining days of the great war ( wwi ) , the germans are leaving a small french town but are leaving a little present for the advancing british troops . they have buried the munitions in the town square . when the town hall clerk strikes midnight the bomb will be exploded . the town 's people evacuate . during this the barber sends off a message to the british . the british decide to send a man to check this out . they choose the bumbling scottish private plumpick ( alan bates ) . located on the outskirts of town is an asylum . the sisters who run the asylum escape with the town 's people , leaving the inmates to fend for themselves . they return to the town , resuming their lives before being commited . plumpick arrives in town but does n't know that the towns people are actually the lunatics from the asylum . he meets the beautiful coquelicat ( genevieve bujold ) and falls in love with her . he finally puts everything together and defuses the bomb ( of course it 's more complex and hilarious than just that . ) he also finally puts together that there is something wrong with the town 's people . the funny part is he feels the lunatics have a better grasp on reality the sane people . so shall he return to the war or stay with people he loves . this is half fairy tale and half fable . alan bates gives a great performance and genevieve bujold shows great whimsy . dvd extras : none
music neg 793.txt i bought guerolito after hearing " heaven hammer , " the remixed version of guero 's " missing . " that remix , by air , is the sort of product that makes remixes valid - it takes the passion and yearning lost in the original production of " missing " and makes it feel at home in a louder , more tempting sonic landscape . that song became astonishing where the guero song was simply alright , and the new song , " clap hands , " is at least a good time . however , it 's hard to swallow the cobbled remixes on the rest of guerolito - the beat and the original of , say , " earthquake weather , " ( here as " terromoto tempo " ) are both individually appealing enough , but together sound dismayingly like they 're from different planets and belong nowhere near each other . " e-pro " becomes a groaning mess , the lovely " farewell ride " an electronic nightmare , and both those descrptions would be apt to describe the record as a whole
books neg 845.txt ugh. i did not even try to finish the book . it is full of sexual content . not recommended for anyone who likes clean literature
software neg 274.txt yes , i love microsoft office . it 's incredibly user friendly , it has wonderful features , most of which i do n't even know how to use , and it 's spelling and grammar checking features are the best of it 's kind . i 've been fortunate enough to have been a student up to now in my life and therefore did not have to buy microsoft for my personal use , the school would always buy one for me . and of course there are always illegitimate means.. . but i 'm not advocating piracy here . however , i would be the last person on earth to consider using microsoft office if i had to pay $350 for it . it 's an insane price . consider the alternatives : open office : does everything ms office does , some things even better . i love how you do n't need to buy or install anything extra to type mathematical formulas in open office . the best thing about this , however , is that it 's free ! google docs and spreadsheets : this one is even better . not only is it free like everything else from google , you can collaborate in real time with anybody else on the internet to write your word documents ! nothing beats that , it 's just the most wonderful thing that google has done
dvd pos 158.txt at first i was skeptical about buying an aging mccartney band tour dvd , even though i have every one , so i bought it . i watched it from start to finish . unbelievably superb . the lighting , the energy of the band and the crowd , suprising interviews ! ! and ole paul looked pretty good for having passed the 64 year mark ! after watching it i felt like i had been there . it is the best one i have seen yet ! if you like mccartney , this is him at his best not to mention some great songs you will be surprised to hear ! excellent buy
software neg 840.txt i have used dos , win3.1 , win95 , win98 and now this piece of crap os . microsoft 's only interest is making money , thats why they come out with a new release of an os upon a new release of an os . each one just as buggy , insecure and unstable as the previous version . anything coming from microsoft just plain sucks . i have now switched from intercrap explorer to mozilla and from out-crash-express to thunderbird , soon i will completely switch to linux , a far better and functional os for a far better price , namely free . my next laptop will be a mac . dont waste your money , microsoft designed software is garbage by definition . and for the person saying he can understand we are not all geeks : i shouldnt have to be a frigging geek to use an o
health pos 981.txt you could n't have picked a better person to test drive this product . i have severely dried and callused heals . from the moment i put the creme on my feet , they felt smoother . the creme stays on for hours like the product says . i ca n't believe the difference it 's made in such a short time . i 'll definitely buy this product , and i 'll be recommending it to my mom , whose feet are drier than mine are
music neg 258.txt kate moss ? that gawddamn rollerskate song ? oh , no . the spoken tracks are equally repelling . there is really no atmosphere to this album
dvd pos 533.txt the best cleopatra that the movies has ever produced.be it in the scenario as well as the performance of an actress in the part . so many came before and so many after elizabeth taylor however to me cleopatra will always be elizabeth taylor . a mega movie , with fantastic costumes , and acting , is a classic in historic movies.if you are history lover you should have this movie in your collection
books neg 236.txt i know that no book can cover every topic , but this book left a lot out . it went into great detail about what i should do if i got some pretty rare diseases , but barely touched on the subject of morning sickness , which is much more common . and some of the information was just plain wrong . i trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because i could n't feel the baby move . it advised that i should call the doctor . when i did , i found out most women do n't feel it move until 21 weeks . unfortunately i found this out after i had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong . i would not suggest this book to anyone
health neg 137.txt ok , i 'll admit , the nail clippers rock . i have no problem using them , they are sharp , cut evenly and are the perfect width . that said , throw everything else out . the bulb syringe is useless , keep the one that you get from the hospital . get an ear thermometer , it 's a heck of a lot easier . the spoon...not even going there . the med dropper is n't easy enough to use . my suggestion ? go find a syringe with a cork attachment . you take the top off the bottle , push the cork attachment into the opening . to use , flip back the attached lid and put the med syringe into the opening , flip the bottle over and draw the med into the syringe . this is the best way to do it .
books pos 86.txt this book is another excellant addition to the growing body of knowledge and accessible information on a health problem that plagues many americans . adrenal fatigue and its consequences and causes should become one of the most crucial topics in health maintainance . another excellent book in this vein is dr. j . wilson 's , adrenal fatigue , the 21st century stress syndrome
software neg 487.txt i 've been using apple 's macintosh systems since 1984 and have seen some great improvements in system stability , which i consider the most important aspect of an os . first off tiger is a smooth running system ( when it is smoothly running ) , and has some of the nicest bells and whistles around . the best dog-and-pony show around . that being said , watch out ! this os is capable of completely hosing your user settings , all your software registrations , bookmarks , email settings , etc. the whole enchilada . any os that can do that at the drop of a dime is n't worth the time . since i use disk warrior , cocktail and disk utility regularly , this should never have happened . i waited until the os was at the 10.4.3 stage before upgrading from 10.3.9 - - apparently it is not yet ready - - best to wait another year before upgrading . hopefully these bugs will be fixed
music neg 448.txt it has been nearly three months and i have yet to receive the subject michael henderson cd . amazon should not be offering this item for sale , if they do not have access to a supplier
music neg 29.txt layla is one of the most overrated songs of all time . cream is one of the most boring bands in history . why not do yourself a favour and buy enjoyable bands like dire straits , and metallica who rock . ps.this clapton compilation has no good songs so please do n't buy it at all
camera pos 65.txt i bought the rebel xt w / the 18-55 lens exactly 18 hours before the xti was introduced , but that 's another story . as this is my first dslr , i was blown away by the results . but after the initial euphoria , there is always room for improvement . my first choice was the 28-200 , favoring the longer zoom over the is , but i found this one used at penn camera and got a deal on it and a 380ex flash , so the decision was made for me . i like the zoom range , it 's great for framng portraits . if i need wider angle , i still have the kit lens . i wo n't make the usual complaints about the herky-jerky zoom ring or the rackety extension tubes , as i was prepared for this by these reviews before i ever saw the lens . i 'm no expert on sharpness , and still trying to get myself dialed in , but my shots so far look pretty sharp to me . i have no " l " lenses to compare to , nor would i make the comparison if i did . in my somewhat uninformed opinion , this is a great step up from the kit lens . this is a lens a working guy can afford and most likely get great results with . being a working guy , i 'm extremely happy with it so far , and glad i made the purchase .
health pos 723.txt my mother is 87 and the shower chair makes it easier . she likes it in the tub better and i just use warm water poured over her
dvd pos 313.txt wow . that 's the only thing i can say after reading all sorts of negative reviews . i admit , the very first time i watched the grudge with my father neither of us thought the movie was scary at all and could n't understand its success , but after watching the movie a second time two months later by myself late at night i really began to see how frightening the movie is . probably contains the same amount of fear as the original exorcist , another movie that 's really effectively well done . you have to watch the exorcist and the grudge at night to get the proper effect . the grudge benefits greatly when it comes to maintaining a moody atmosphere and a pretty interesting story . i say " pretty interesting " because the storyline is n't the best , or the easiest to understand . just interesting enough to get the job done . the grudge also benefits when it comes to not giving away too much or too little . in fact , this is probably its strongest point . every time something scary happens , you see just a " little bit " of that scary monster boy or some kind of strange shadow effect , which is *very* important if you want to effectively scare someone . if the scary boy had appeared on screen for longer than a few seconds it would n't have scared me nearly as much because i would have gotten used to seeing it . the boy appears , and then he 's gone . not giving away too much really works with this movie . you see , to really scare me you simply ca n't put a scary monster on screen for long periods of time and you have to create a moody atmosphere to make the film believable . the grudge works *extremely* well it this area . the fact that something scary happens almost always unexpectedly in the grudge allows me to give the film another compliment . i 'm telling you , the scene with the woman inside that building by herself ( well , except for a security guard ) and having to travel home to an apartment building all by herself is about 10 minutes of total bone-chilling excitement . i *loved* this scene . i was totally on the edge of my seat wondering when the woman was finally going to have something bad happen to her . the scene where the woman saw darkness coming before walking down the stairs and having to hurry up to get out of there was *awesome* , and the scene a few moments after this happened where she did see something in the shadow was another awesome display of bone-chilling brilliance . there 's a bunch of scenes like this throughout the movie . freakin ' awesome ! excellent pacing and suspense makes the grudge a true horror classic , in my opinion . i 've seen a thousand horror movies in my time and i 'd easily put the grudge right up there as one of the best . people today have drastically different opinions when it comes to what makes a movie scary . remember the good old days when everyone could agree that the exorcist was the scariest movie of all-time ? i wish everyone agreed that the grudge is a total classic , and that the ring is another excellent one .
books pos 264.txt as with many of the " for dummies " series , controlling cholesterol is a well-executed overview of many issues relevant to cholesterol . author carol rinzler 's light and humorous discussion ranges from a concise description of what cholesterol is , to many of the different approaches to lowering cholesterol and why " target " values for cholesterol can differ in different people . there 's an especially helpful discussion on the effects of various popular diets like atkins ' , sugar busters , and protein power - - pluses and minuses of each . " ten cholesterol myths " in chapter 16 is a great discussion that can help clear up much of the murkiness surrounding cholesterol issues and can help answer many of the questions that i am asked when treating cholesterol in my patients ( in my cardiology practice ) . one criticism : like all books about cholesterol , controlling cholesterol for dummies gives the reader the impression that high cholesterol is the only way to identify risk for heart disease , as well as a means of diminishing risk of heart attack . this is patently untrue , but not really a criticism of this book as it is of the standard thinking on cholesterol . there are better ways ! nonetheless , this book does serve its intended purpose very well : educate the reader thoroughly on the conventional understanding of cholesterol .
music pos 228.txt i was looking for some music i could play in the car or around the house with my 19-month-old son and came across this one- -the exact same " album " that i had when i was his age ! i 'm so glad they redid it ! one of my fondest memories
music pos 744.txt this is the best album / band noones ever heard of . this is the most underrated bands ever ( including fm static . ) and they deserve some appreciation . this cd is a great rock cd and it has a bit of seemingly hip-hop bits here and there in just about every song . almost every song on this cd rocks , so buy it
dvd neg 834.txt this is bring to your notice that the product that i have orderd has not reached me yet . i request you to do the needful . thanking you prince georg
health neg 996.txt when i first stepped on the scale i thought i lost 10 lbs . but after reading other review i realize the scale is off up to 9 lbs . also this is a big scale . too big to store in the bathroo
camera pos 189.txt not much to add to the other positive reviews posted , other than i am another user that loves my d50. have had it for a year now and shot over 10 , 000 photos with excellent results ( mostly landscape and wildlife ) . excellent image quality and the hand grip fits perfectly to both my hand and my husbands . the only con i can think of at this time is that there is no backlight on the top panel - this makes it difficult to adjust settings in low / no light situations . also , for people that are used to the little compact point & shoot cameras this might seem a little overwhelming at first and bulky to carry around ( which is why i have a little pocket camera for my purse ) . i also got the 18-200 lens and love it - perfect walk around lens
software neg 524.txt card studio 2007 has repeated many cards from card studio 2006. i bought this new program to have more of a selection but was very disappointed . also is is very difficult to see the cards when they are bunched . you have to pick a card in order to read the front . very time consuming
camera pos 46.txt my all-around favorite lens in the canon eos system is the 50 / 1.4. i find that most of the time , most of the pictures i want to take can be achieved using hte 50mm focal length , and the fast aperture allows me to take photos in low light . i bought the 24-70 / 2.8 in hopes of getting high quality images from a zoom lens , as a lot of my pictures were n't in particularly dark places , and the flexibility to get a little wider or closer sounded appealing . i was not disappointed . the image quality produced by the 24-70 / 2.8 is outstanding . great color , great sharpness . it might not make images quite as striking as canon 's 135 / 2 lens , but they are very good indeed . does this lens replace the 50 / 1.4 ? no way . the 50 is a lot smaller , weighs a lot less , and is still much better for low light shooting . but for photographing events where you do n't want to lug around several prime lenses or go to extreme lenghts to frame the shot better , the 24-70 can be a great tool
music pos 566.txt this mos def album is a good album to listen to . he shows off his lyrical skills and gives social commentary that is on point . why listen to a bunch of guys who have " lil " in front of their names when you can listen to a man give his views on life , love , and this country we live i
books pos 531.txt i really enjoyed this book . i could pore over the fashions , the interior decoration - it satisfied my desire to see all the details ! at the same time , i got a sense of the passage of time in virginia and vanessa 's lives . read as a companion to any of woolf 's novels , i think the book would also convey a sense of the writing process . it evokes the time and place beautifully , and the text is not intrusive : the images are allowed to take centre stage as works of art in their own right . fine choice , sweetpea
health neg 981.txt i just bought this small fountain for my office at work thinking that the soothing sound of water would be a nice addition . however , after setting it up , i added the water and the waited and waited and waited to hear the cascading sound of water . no cascading sound . i added more water - - nothing.. . i added less water - - absolutely nothing . the design is built such that the water moves down without making any noise . it is useless from that perspective.. . plus , you can tell it is made of plastic so it is n't really that nice to look at either . i would definitely not buy this again and am contemplating getting rid of it after 1 week of use
software pos 703.txt i just used this program to make wills and healthcare directives for my wife and me . i have the book-cd version . i recommend it over just the cd , because it is a better financial deal , and you do not have to read a pdf online or print it out . here are some of the features that i thought were worth noting : * the program divides a document into sections and shows you a list of those sections , indicating which sections you have done . you can resume the interview at the beginning of any section and make changes from that point on . * after doing one will , you can go to the file menu and save for spouse . this creates a copy of the will with the spouses names interchanged . then you can go through the interview and make any needed changes . * in the process of answering the questions , the program accumulates the names of people you mention into an editable contact list . after you mention someone once , the next time you need them you can simply select them from a list . this is handy when doing the healthcare directive , which needs to show contact information , if you have already entered that information when doing the will . it is also handy if you decide to redo portions of either document . when working on one family member 's document , you can import contacts from another 's document . * the program does not appear to provide the option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the only way to list two or more alternate executors is to have two or more of them serve together . this is ironic , since the program recommends having only one executor at a time . although i wanted to name my wife , children , and then siblings as alternate executors , i decided to accept just having my wife and son as executor and alternate . if all of us die in an auto accident while taking a trip together , then there is hopefully time for the probate court to name an executor . it would just be more expedient to have one already named . * i contacted customer support asking them to enhance the program to add an option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the response stated why they chose to omit that option ( " the editors choose to limit the number of fields for beneficiaries and executors to prevent the program from becoming to unwieldy " ) and some options ( export the document and add the language or return the program ) . i was disappointed that they did not embrace my suggestion ( i disagreed that it would make the program too unwieldy , since they already allow you to list multiple beneficiaries and executors that serve together at the same time ) , but i liked that i received a prompt response that indicated they had read my note and knew what i was talking about , and that they gave an honest , direct answer . * at the end of the interview you can review the document as it will print . you can then print it directly to a printer , or export it as plain text or rtf . exporting to rtf is handy if you need to change the document ( they advise against changing it ) or print it somewhere else . however , the rtf is not identical to printing directly . i noticed two differences . ( 1 ) pagination can be different , and as explained by the program , getting the pagination right is important for legal reasons . ( 2 ) the footer is always different : the directly printed copy says how many total pages , whereas the rtf one does not . if you cannot print directly to a printer , i recommend printing to a pdf to maintain the pagination and other features . if you do not have a way to create a pdf , get a free pdf writer ( search on that term ) . when you print the document to pdf , print it as prepress so you embed the fonts .
software pos 441.txt h&r block 2006 works well like it always has . i 've used and liked h&r since the turbotax activation debacle , to the extent that i can like doing income tax ! what is great is the media the software comes on . install the program and then have a nice flash drive to use elsewhere . maybe flash drives will be like floppies someday , with piles of used drives in a box , but for now it 's a super handy way to store and move a few files . 256 megs makes for a big floppy but a small flash drive . no matter- -the price it right
music neg 488.txt i guess i was expecting more of a ferrante and teicher thing with more than one piano going at a time ... could be that it is but , if so , am missing depth ... great family but disappointing albu
music neg 55.txt bought this cd based upon the reviews and the fact that they were recommended with some other albums i like , and man , what a mistake . this cd borders on unlistenable , with no discernable melody / talent to be found . i 'm hardly some ignorant pop-music lover...i consider " blueberry boat " to be one of my favorite records - but this is just horrible
dvd neg 243.txt i love jeff goldblum , but he did n't carry this film . the film was ruined for me the second julane moore ( yuck ! ) and the ridiculous , lame token black daughter of goldblum showed up no doubt to satisfy nauseating political correctness in hollywood all at the expense of this bust of a film . it 's obviously too much to ask for a white protagonist to actually have a white daughter . what a concept . it just added to the disbelief of the characters ( stay goldblum ) , the storyline , and the ultimate letdown of this much anticipated sequel . jurassic park iii was n't much better
dvd neg 745.txt warning ! the blood and black lace disc has a known problem with not being able to play in a philips / magnavox 825 and various pioneer players including : dv-414 , dv-515 , and dvl-909
camera neg 335.txt this is an alright camera . if you 're an average teen looking to post some hot pictures on myspace , or just someone looking to capture a few choice family moments , this camera should serve you fine . what i liked about it : 1. it 's compact , lightweight and easy enough to use 2. pictures taken in daylight turn out pretty nice 3. the battery life on this camera is much better than on other cameras i 've used what i disliked about it : 1. it 's a bit flimsy to be honest 2. attempting to take a picture in the afternoon , evening or early morning is near impossible without it looking completely washed out or too dark . even though it has a night landscape option , it does n't really work . 3. the flash causes a horrible delay ( but that 's been mentioned like 9 , 000 times before ) this is definitely not a camera for glamour shots . i 'd also strongly discourage buying it if you 're thinking of using it to take pictures at music events
health neg 698.txt i cannot agree with any person who gives this over 1 star . the main problem i had with this product was that it was far too overpowering in the fragrance department . i swear , it was like bathing in gatorade . and while i 'm sure that axe was going for that whole electrolyte thing in all its glory , but the smell is far too fragrant . and if you think that it has even the slightest bit of an invigorating quality , think again . i was a lot happier with snake peel
music neg 890.txt i am completly shocked at how high the scores for this album are on amazon . trust me , i am not someone who claims to be a music expert , but i am a big fan of jam / funk and jazz fusion . i play bass , i understand music , and umphrey 's is among my favorite bands ( others include 311 , widespread panic , deep banana blackout , red hot chili peppers , soulive , medeski martin wood ) . in general i am open to all kinds of funky music , and umphrey 's usually puts out . in my opinion , this band had the talent and unique sound to become the next generation of funk ( following the red hot chili peppers and 311 ) . with this album i was expecting them to develop their sound from anchor drops into an album that could achieve mainstream success like rhcp 's blood sex sugar magic did , while staying true to their unique roots in jazz , blues , rock and even some metal . like i said , they fuse genres like no one else can...this album , however , was a complete failure in the areas i have described above . first off , i can understand how reviewers point to the production quality , and the musical talent displayed throughout the album . umphreys mcgee is insanely talented , and no effort could hide that from the listener . however , to be blunt this album is boring as hell , has no funk or rock in it period , and is frankly somewhat depressing . if your expecting wild guitar improv , explosive beats and fun , uplifting music- -ignore this album . if you are a fan of umphrey 's live show and their past albums- -ignore this album . if you tend to be willing to overlook production quality in search of funkier , jazzier guitar rifs and bass experimentation- -do not buy this album . the only way i can summate this album is that its a typical indy type album . slow songs without enough music , little variance from song to song , depressing lyrics , and a slow pace . some say this is umphreys showing their full range , i say this is them bottling up their range in a more mainstream package that is not all that enjoyable . the only reason i wrote this review is that im amazed by the other reviews on this page . i wish i had never heard this album , it is a pathetic effort from a band as experimental and fun as umphreys mcgee . they missed a golden opportunity to come out with the next great funk compilation , this album is a step in the wrong direction . i strong advise the listener who likes to be entertained by music , rather than production quality and introspective lyrics , to steer way clear of this album . this was a massive dissappointment beyond any album release i have ever heard ( including by the way from rhcp , which is an achievement in musical creativity compared to safety in numbers )
health pos 202.txt these are marvelous ! ! i had gotten a different style last february for mothers , , these adventure towels are great for the dorm and college kids...i love the snap strap and the pouch . now all of my children want them , too ! ! also love the up to date colors !
health neg 564.txt i read the directions and followed them to a t . the pain was just too intense ( on my gums - they started to bleed ! ) . i tried to adjust the " trays " every which way , but there was no way not to get the gel on my gums . after all the time , trouble and pain , i did n't see any improvement in whiteness . i have used the older crest whitestrips , and liked them much better .
books pos 59.txt this book clearly , easily teaches the 5 different ways we each relate to one another . it is applies very well to couples ; however , the principles also provide essential insight into relating with children , colleagues.. . anyone ! it makes an excellent group book study or a read-on-one 's own
camera pos 534.txt i 've owned the t9 now for just about 3 weeks . i purchased it after some extensive research . of course you never really know a product until you 've had it awhile . here 's my thumb nail opinion . i like : the ultra thin metal body optical image stabilizer great photo quality high iso performance large , high rez screen auto focus assist lamp works well very fast start-up fast recovery even after flash lots of built in memory , but you need to buy the 1 or 2 gig card ok slide show feature with music i do n't like : redeye does n't work that well too few manual controls needs white balance needs long shutter speed modes chews up battery time pretty fast . already ordered a second battery . no optical viewfinder ( most ultra smalls do n't ) flimsy plastic cover over the battery will be first thing to break all in all a great little camera . takes awesome , clear pics . not for the professional photographer , but that 's not why you are considering it ( i hope ) .
books neg 865.txt this book is total self-propogating hogwash . garbage . save your money , and your life , avoid this book like a big mac
health pos 38.txt philips sent me a reprogram plug-in that took me only 10 minutes to change the settings to meet the new standards . most of the low price aed 's use camaera batteries . my defibrillator has a long life lithium battary . i wo n't risk someone 's life on store-bought battaries . walt blankenshi
books neg 685.txt excellent , how to technical reference , easy to read and understand , a must have book for those interested in biodiesel , and / or waste vegetable oil
dvd neg 110.txt this was a film i was anticipating becuase of the actors doing the voice over and the special effects . as far as animated features go this was the biggest dissappointment . the acting was good but robin williams did not receive as much screen time as ewen mcgreagor which meant it wasant as funny as it could have been . but the major problem was the story . yes , it did have a good moral but the rest of the films story was weak , boring at times and just silly . i would recommend ice age or garfiled : the movie rather than this film
health pos 319.txt there are several listings for this item in different versions . before making a decision , check out the other versions , you will see many different reviews . overall , it seems to be as long as you use the product as intended , it works ! you can see my full review under zeno pro pink
health neg 79.txt expensive...and after three months of daily use i ca n't say it has helped my blood pressure . i record my blood pressure every morning at the same time...after getting up from nights sleep . i use exercise equipment for 45 minutes after stretching exercises . then breakfast and 15 minutes on resperate devise . my blood pressure has n't changed significently in the last six months and i continue to take blood pressure medicine . the resperate device was used for the first six weeks just before bedtime - change in schedule has n't changed blood pressure measurments to any significant extent . i continue to use the device because of the fortune spent on it but would n't consider buying it again
dvd neg 547.txt i do n't consider myself a hardocre 50 cent fan , but i went out and bought this after getting a preview of it in an issue of xxl . it was n't all that entertaining . the documentary does n't really tell the people anything that we do n't already know . we 've seen all these videos before , but the video for & quot ; heat&quot ; is straight wack . the street version of that video is much better and somewhat funny . the show in detroit is n't entertaining at all unless you just get a kick out of 10 people on stage chanting the words right along with 50 while making it impossible to understand a word that 's being said . the sessions @ aol are straight pointless and why did we need an 8 mile dvd trailer ? the dvd borders on corny , but the cd is n't that bad . these are all songs that most diehard fans have already heard on his underground bootlegs , but i had not been able to find the & quot ; 8 mile road ( g unit remix ) & quot ; ever since i lost my underground cd . lloyd banks kills that track and that song is now contained on this cd / dvd release . if you 're a young buck fan , you should know that he 's nowhere to be found on this release . overall , the new breed is n't completely terrible , but it loses its novelty after one or two uses . the three songs on the cd are decent , but you probably have them already . i would only reccomend this to the die hard 50 cent / g unit fans
health pos 542.txt i bought this to try it out based on a friend 's recommendation . previously i 'd always packed a couple old ratty towels with the dog 's stuff before heading to the lake or the beach . now i only need one towel and it dries like you 'd never believe . i have a 65 pound dog that loves the water . i make him shake the water off himself ( a trick as important as sit or lay down when you have a dog this big ) then i towel him dry in less than a minute . i now own 3 of these towels and have purchased them for just about anyone i know with a dog that gets wet . we live in seattle so not only are we surrounded by lakes other bodies of water , but we have rainy winters . having one of these towels hanging behind the door with the coats was a god send this winter as well . i ca n't speak enough praise about this towel . though a $30 pricetag for a meer towel could seem daunting , believe me when i tell you this is worth it . you 'll end up buying two
software pos 998.txt i trust the information i find from britannica and so invested in the 2007 britannica ultimate reference suite . it has something for everyone . i use it side by side with microsoft encarta and together i get a more complete subject review . i prefer the content of britannica but for ease of use encarta is still superior . i look forward to britannica making the interface and ease of use better in future productions and that is why i am only able to award 4 stars
camera pos 760.txt this is a cool implimentation of a much needed device for those with d200s . the camera loves batteries . having two is good ! having the ability to watch one drain and knowing there 's another on standbye is a fine feeling . knowing that there are two more batteries in the case waiting is even better ! for a full day of shooting , you need this and some serious memory . highly recommended . also handles aas.. . always good in field conditions
software neg 336.txt i 've been a loyal norton anti-virus & utilities software customer since the stone age , but like several other reviewers , i 'm deeply disappointed that norton internet security 2007 is incompatible with zonealarm pro , sunbelt counterspy , and microsoft antispyware , and even more deeply disappointed that i had to crack the shrinkwap to find that out . once upon a time , norton was the epitome of well-designed , thoughtful , customer-centric software , but they 've degenerated into outsourced hacks trading on a well-established name . i 'll be returning symantec 's software if i can , and buying zonealarm 's a / v package instead
music pos 575.txt just loved this cd ! ! ! ! you 'll be singing or humming this to yourself for hours after you hear it . if you are 35 years old or older you 'll love it . the memories will come flooding back to you . enjoy it ! !
health neg 605.txt this product did not work . i was faithful for 1 month with no results
software neg 453.txt i am by no means a computer idiot , i audit computer systems security for a living . i have had to contact customer support ( webchat ) at least 3-4 times during the first 30 days of installing the software . the install was on a brand new system ( windows xp pro ) , with all of the microsoft patches and service packs and little to nothing else installed . first pest patrol would crash numerous times a day until technical support walked me through a complex workaround to prevent an active protection error window appearing over 100 times every 10 minutes ( which you had to click to clear each one ) . second , the firewall would tell me i was not authorized to visit certain webpages until technical support walked me through a complex process of deleting certain files created by the firewall and resetting the firewall after a process involving safe mode . third , pest patrol never would run a thorough scan . i 'd receive two separate errors that either said a fatal error occurred with the pest patrol gui , or that system resources was not available . i contacted the customer support and they told me that yes , sometimes pest patrol does n't work at all unless you use msconfig to disable all startup services ( systems.ini , etc ) reboot , run pest patrol , then use msconfig to enable the startup services . it was a canned reply during a live web session , which means that the operators were probably used to giving since it likely occurs to many people . i have n't tried out the third solution yet because i wanted to remind myself to write an amazon review . if you are looking for simplicity , or do n't know much about computers , look elsewhere . otherwise you will be in for one major headache trying to implement several technically involved workarounds . i 'll give it two stars , since it did n't cause my dog to choke , explode my house , or cause irreparable damage to clothing ( which is my one-star ) .
health neg 630.txt this is n't a bad dryer when it comes to convenience and travelling . however , the folding handle did eventually break and i had to modify it to hold it together . i have n't noticed any benefit from the ion control , mine and my wife 's hair get 's easily frizzled with this dryer , plus it takes a long time to dry in comparison to what others have claimed . the switch is definitely very difficult to use , there 's no way a person can use it with one hand . if you tried , you 'd end up dropping the thing . the fact that the off position is between the two speed settings is n't very good either because you push so hard to move the switch you simply move from high to low instead of to the off position . personally , i ca n't wait to find her a better one so i can tear this one apart for more interesting things . on the upside , after fixing the handle , it has worked without any real problems for 6 months
health neg 528.txt seriously , i do n't know how anyone can use this thing . i have had tatoos , waxing , and dental fillings , and i would rather have any and all of those before i ever try this product again . it feels like an electric shock and continuous pulling of duct tape on your skin . just awful . in the products defense , i do n't think there is a way to make this device easy to use and leg friendly ( god forbid you try it anywhere else , ladies ! ! ) . i was able to remove the hair from about 2 inches of my leg and i gave into the pain and went back to shaving . yikes
books neg 745.txt eliot cohen has an impressive background in policy work ( osd ) and academia ( naval war college and harvard ) . i had high hopes for this book because i thought his experience with the military combined with his academic work would produce a focused and well-grounded work . i was disappointed . i never really bought his argument that political leaders can lead war better than generals . he seemed to cherry pick leaders than fit his mold . i could not believe that someone who works so closely with the military would generalize military leadership in such a stereotypical way . the article might have made a good article in a foreign affairs journal , but the author seemed to fill out the book with a lot of interesting but not really relevant historical stories and facts . the lincoln chapter providing nothing that has not been stated numerous times in more detailed and focused work . the churchill chapter was the best . cohen obviously has extensively studied churchill . his sections on how the historical view of churchill have ebbed and flowed over the years was well done , thought not rally tied to the focus of the book . i learned the most from the ben-gurion , since i knew the least about him . the book may be useful to an undergraduate class studying political leadership or foreign policy , but beyond that the book unfortunately offers little that is new or of great interest .
books neg 119.txt there were so many continuity errors and spelling problems in this book that i had to stop . trying to follow two-dimensional characters are difficult enough . i was just looking for a good fiction book that contained gay themes , characters or both . i got the gay but not the story
software pos 530.txt do n't think about video capture cards , going into the operating system , or even opening the computer case - just turn on the power , plug dazzle 's usb plug into your usb port , and connect the colored cords on your vcr with the same colored plugs on dazzle , install the software , and let this wonderful tool do all of the heavy lifting . excellent quality , and they will lower the quality if you want a smaller file - like , say , if you want to back-up your vcr to a cd-r . the test for quality is time - tell it to record to 70 minutes , and your work is done . i really like the fact that the software is so stable , i recorded a six hour vcr tape using a 512 meg xp machine - not a moment 's problem . they also included software that makes editing these video files real easy , if you want . that is just icing on the cake . strong , solid , silent - the john wayne of vcr to computer file translator tools . as an aside , i have held onto some vcr tapes for years , one for more than a decade , hoping something like dazzle would come along . prayers answered . just shut up and buy it
camera pos 320.txt after waiting months for an order to be filled and then getting screwed by customer service / returns , i decided never to buy from amazon again . go to an electronics or camera store , you 'll get better service and the fresh air will do you good
camera neg 406.txt have had it for a few weeks and glad i brought it great procuc
health pos 155.txt i love the this set , expecially the nail cutter , i , m still using mine after six years
software pos 65.txt this is an all around awesome product . i have had great experiences with the program , and use it very often as we use it to create our entire high school 's yearbook . anyone one who says it does n't have the basics is pretty much lying to you , it has anything you 'll ever need and more . the people who review this product poorly do so because they do n't know how to use everything in it . the only problem i 've ever had is learing everything you can do with it , otherwise it is perfect
books pos 756.txt we are in the last part of the 19th century in this novel , and the wild west has breathed its last . the book is peopled with real legends ( calamity jane , buffalo bill , sitting bull ) and fictional curiosities ( jim ragg and bartle bone - two mountain men , and no ears - an indian with exceptional eyesight ) . mcmurtry relates a sad , elegiac farewell to times past . the ever-interesting characters and their views of the world , which are wise and funny and fascinating , make the novel top-notch in the mcmurtry canon
books pos 151.txt our book club read this book for our february 2006 selection . it was a really good book , we were all excited about discussing it . mr. johnson sent us discussion questions that really made us think . a few members felt that denmark never loved sierra but saw her more as property . the book definitely has some suprises that you do n't see coming . we really enjoyed the book . sistahs of ebony pages
health pos 294.txt great help in dental hygene , gets in hard to reach spots , also a lot easier than flossin
dvd neg 232.txt despite the talented cast this is perhaps the most ridiculous film ever.a goofy hippy copy laughs along the way trying to catch an eleven murder serial killer.this writer did moonstruck , but this is moonstink.seeing rod steiger with this material is a tragedy.the case is a joke , the characters are impossibly lame , and the dialogue would gag a collie.this film is worth seeing only to gain appreciatiation for the value of screenwriters.no amount of acting talent can lift this turkey out of the bankok privey.i just watched this film and at the conclusion i just sat there with my mouth open not believeing how bad the film was.saradon , keitel , kline , steiger , and rickman....will try and forget this dog their entire lives . i cannot imagaine how any studio or distributing company let this turkey reach the public.have i gotten the point accross that the film is weak....i hope so.if i could give it zero stars or even better , minus eleven stars , i would
books pos 726.txt finally a book just for woman athletes ! i have had sports related injuries in the past and now i know what to do to prevent them . i thought the information was great and presented in a concise and easy to follow manner . i recommend this book to highly
dvd neg 201.txt is anyone else having issues with these discs ? when you first place the discs in the player , it skips over the main menus . then the " menu " button will only start and stop the episode selected , but it will not return you to the main menu . there is no spanish or portuguese dubbed audio on the discs ( despite what the menus and packaging claim ) and the episodes automatically play with spanish subtitles even when the subtitles are turned " off . " the only way to avoid this is to choose " other " subtitles with the remote . this appears to be an authoring issue , as i am using a two year-old sony dream system dvd player and have not had these issues with previous seasons . i 'm exchanging my discs immediately , but i have a feeling they might all be bad . anyone else hear about these issues
software neg 382.txt i have uninstalled systemworks 2006 and will not be going back to symantec products . i had three problems : 1. on initial install of systemworks in january 2006 , the " goback " module wiped my hard drive . this was annoying and not easy to fix . 2. i reinstalled ( and had to reregister ) without the goback module and used the software for several months satisfactorily . a few annoyances : cleanup consistently ( every night ) deleted cookies and autofills i wanted to keep , so despite my entering them as exceptions in the options table , they kept disappearing . 3. i wanted to move to a faster hard drive . after following the norton ghost directions explicitly ( and getting a " successful " message , the cloned drive would not boot up . i therefore went back to my old drive . systemworks required me to reinstall ( and reregister ) . in december , after renewing my systemworks subscription for $49.95 , i successfully cloned the disk ( using ez gig ii ) . again , the only software that did not work on boot up was systemworks . i called customer support and was told that the server would not allow me to install on more than 3 computers . i explained the circumstances but was told " there was nothing to be done , " and that i would have to buy the software again . i chose not to . i have completely uninstalled the entire program and am now enjoying faster performance from the operating system and quicker boot times from word , photoshop , etc. the protections i was getting from systemworks are being covered by avg antivirus ( shareware ) , registry mechanic ( shareware ) , spybot ( shareware ) , and diskkeeper ( $30 ) , and microsoft 's malware guard ( free ) . i have been using norton / symantec products for over 15 years . never again
music neg 947.txt this album was released in 1999. and now , seven years later , this album does not even matter . britney spears is remembered not for her musical talent but for her inability to parent a child . great music lasts dozens of years for its complexity , innovation , creativity , and ability to transcend cultures and generations . great music stirs something inside the listener , and matters to the person who created it . britney spears and the ridiculous product that her record companies have created is none of these things . it saddens me to see the number of copies an album such as this sells originally . and yet , the great albums of all times sell thousands of copies years - decades , even - after their release . music like this , britney spears and her peers , disappears into the folds of time . it does not matter .
music pos 604.txt sounding thing occurred when ex-springfield messina melded with loggins , and it was large ! c.s.n. &amp ; y . strove to be this good every time they released a tune . this compilation not only displays the music-crafting abilities of these two in conjunction , but also showcases their power to deliver dynamic live performances . dedicated to todd j
camera neg 116.txt this camera is incredibly frustrating . i must admit that under ideal lighting conditions outdoors on a moderate to fully sunny day , the camera takes wonderful pictures . however , photos using indooor and mixed lighting conditions leave alot to be desired . if you want to take any indoor pictures with natural light , this is not the camera for you . the reason being is that if the flash is not activated or the lighting is not perfect , the camera slows down the shutter speed considerably . since the camera does not have very good image stabilization ( if any ) indoor pictures are blurry unless you have the hands of a surgeon . of course you can use the flash , but then your subject will be overlit , while the background is pitch dark . and forget about taking long range pictures indoors ( i.e. at a graduation ceremony or wedding ) because if the flash is on , you will get a black picture because the camera does not compensate the shutter speed for distance , it only adjusts to whether or not it thinks the flash is on . if it is off , your picture will be blurred because the shutter stays open for 1-2 seconds . since i take alot of indoor pictures , this camera is worthless to me . if you only plan to take outdoor pictures in ideal light , this is the camera for you . if you want to do any natural light photography , forget it .
music pos 840.txt this cd provides a fantastic overview of rypdal , who has been recording for ecm for 30+ years now . the tracks range from pieces with an & quot ; electric miles&quot ; sound to an orchestrated track . while very diverse , the tracks work well together and are unified by his unique , atmospheric tone and excellent compositions . the infamous ecm sound quality is even better due to 24 bit mastering . informative liner notes as well . highly recommended
music pos 453.txt a true musical theater classic . wonderful melodies that will last for years to come . other classics not to forget about are : mary poppins my fair lady the wizard of oz chitty chitty bang band the first charlie and the chocolate factory the sound of music oliver west side story fiddler on the roof singing in the rain the wiz little mermaid aladdin beauty and the beast grease the king and i oklahoma the music man south pacific my voice students are always asking me for recommendations so i though i 'd post it for all ! we ca n't forget about these great musicals
dvd neg 928.txt this has got to be the absolutely the sickest bottom of the heap horror movie ever made . you have been warned
camera neg 655.txt i have two 8 " picture frames that are other brands , and they are great and i use them for open houses all the time ! i got this one as a gift from a friend , and it is terrible ! ! the instructions are difficult to understand . the wide screen makes everyone in the picture look fat and distorted ! this is a weird size and i am not happy at all ! ! i do n't recommend it
music pos 124.txt i love this show so much ! ! it just has so much passion and beauty and all the cast members sing so well ! ! sutton foster as jo , was cast very well , its obvious she deserved that tony nomination in 2005 , and the sisters , even though they were n't the leads , they all had such great songs , especially beth , whose song , " some things are meant to be " always brings tears to my eyes , its just so touching . i would definitely recomend this cd to anyone who loves musical theatr
dvd neg 233.txt if you are looking for a dvd that is filled with white stripes music and interviews , look elsewhere . the item description says it has over 40 minutes of in-depth interviews , but it fails to mention that only about 10 minutes ( if that ) of this is actually with the band ( and the 10 minutes are scattered throughout the 65 minute dvd ) . it has interviews with members of various bands that have played with the white stripes in the past and others who knew them when they were just beginning . it is mildly interesting to hear about how the band got their start and other such details , but it is not something i will watch again . ( if jack & meg were telling their own story , that would be worth it )
health pos 84.txt yes , the kit is easy to use , but if you do n't bleed freely , get a few extra lancets before you start . most pharmacists will give you one or two lancets for free . the kit only comes with two ( which can be used only one time ) . it took me 6 jabs to get enough blood for the test ; i had to run out to the corner pharmacy to get more lancets ( because i 'm too much of a whimp to find a household bloodletting tool ) . other than that - no complaints . the lab got the results back to me faster than expected
health pos 101.txt i eat one of these twice a week before i play ice hockey . i specifically buy this flavor because it contains caffeine , though i do n't perceive any " boost " . it could be there and i 'm just not noticing it . i feel they do the job of keeping me fueled for the workout . it would be nice if the package made a specific recommendation about how long before a workout to eat the clif bar . i find the size of a clif bar a bit disappointing , especially considering the " store " price of $1.50. at $11 a case and with free shipping when spending $25 or more , i 've not found a better price than amazon 's on clif bars
software neg 412.txt we were big fans of taxcut , especially after turbo added spyware ..... this year 's tax cut has irreguarities that are costing ( $$ ) me ......... for example , you file your college student 's return and check the box that she / he will be an exemption on the head-of-household return & then comes the surprise , head-of-household ca n't file their return with that college student as an exemption , despite checking the proper boxes ! ....... for example , it ca n't caluculate railroad retirement benefits ..... for example , it tells you that your return is a-okay , you pay $15 , then it tells you afterward that of the glitches and wants another $15 to refile ! ........ good-bye tax cut !
software pos 985.txt i started off using turbotax this year , but returned it to the store to use taxcut instead . i purchased this version because it was a bargain , and it 's easy enough to do state taxes by hand ( or for free on the state website for those states that have that option ) . i did have some difficulty with the update process , which was frustrating at first . however , i found taxcut 's website to be helpful on this point , and i determined that my firewall was the problem . i was able to update the product once i followed their instructions . one key difference between turbotax and taxcut was that taxcut is not integrated with as many companies . whereas i could automatically download my w-2 and most of my 1099 forms into turbotax , they needed to be manually entered with taxcut . this was n't a huge issue , but one difference people might want to know . i completed and e-filed multiple federal returns , which worked great , and the e-file charge was reasonable ( $15.95 ) . however , i do n't suggest having the e-file charge taken out of your refund . apparently , there 's an extra charge ( i think $25 ) for this service . it 's more efficient and less expensive to just pay the fee with a credit card . now to the software itself . i found it easy to navigate and enter information . i was a bit disappointed in the deduction section . many of the fields were too short for me to enter complete names and addresses of charities , which i found frustrating . however , the calculations were accurate . i checked taxcut 's calculations regarding amt , and they were excellent ( turbotax 's calculations were wrong ) . in the second return i completed , the taxpayer was eligible for eic , and taxcut accurately identified this and did the proper calculations here as well . overall , i was very satisfied with the product , and will use it again next year . i will make suggestions to taxcut , and hope they will improve their support for automatic download of forms and longer fields for charitable deductions . however , even without these changes , the product is an exceptional value
software neg 562.txt i have been a loyal fan of quicken for many years . my , things have changed for the worst at the once mighty intuit . it pains me to report that quicken deluxe 2007 is a work in progress . 1. the installation cd was unreadable . to intuit 's credit , i was given access to their download site for replacement software . 2. the reconciliation report ( needed for balancing your checkbook ) will not display or print for some reason . all other reports display and print just fine . unfortunately , the reconciliation report is the only one i am truely interested in printing . i am using a brother hl-5280dw laser printer . the printer works fine with all other programs , including the old version of quicken . again , the most important report ( reconciliation ) will not print on quicken deluxe 2007. 3. the software would not recognize the c-drive as a working drive even though the program is running on that drive ( ? ) - go figure . 4. the overseas tech support is willing to play dumb and pretend they do n't know there is a problem with the software , keeping you in the chat room for hours . i guess as long as they get paid it does n't matter whether they help or not . the ultimate recommendation is to reload the software - just one more time . as a past happy user of quicken 2004 , i was forced into this upgrade . do n't expect the problems to be resolved quickly . intuit has been aware of most of these problems for over 6 months . i hate to be the bearer of bad news , but this version of quicken is just that bad news
software neg 276.txt font manager is not user friendly . there is no logical indexing or grouping of fonts . user is forced to hunt and peck
books pos 118.txt i think halo 2 is more challenging , and its espesialy fun when you invite some buddys to play multyplayer even just 1 on 1 if you get it i would also wait for the multyplayer map pack wich will give you 9 new levels my final word is i hope you enjoy it as much as i did
health pos 682.txt i bought this bag for my husband as a surprise ( as i had bought another brand , and he did not like the asian floral print ) . it 's very roomy , looks great , fits ergonomically . i really love the pocket design and the space that they have , as well as the interior design . fits things better than my own bag ! my husband loves it and ca n't wait to use it ! plus that , this is the best price i 've seen online , and of course , amazon ships quickly and accurately
music neg 608.txt i received a cd , the tango cd ( the best tango album in the world ever ) was defectuous , since it plays alright until the 12th song , but then the songs starts giving weird tones . and the 2nd cd acts the same way , since my tango album is a double cd.the problem is not from the radio , since my other purchase from amazon is in good shape , as al my other cds . the music always stops playing right at the same time of the cd , the 12 th song , so its pretty much a cd problem . i dunno whats the refund policy , or customer service number , its so bad , cos this tango cd is great . i enjoyed it much , until........ . th
software pos 461.txt i 'm satisfied with the product . i seem to be getting the protection on my pc ; for the cost of product you ca n't go wrong
camera neg 68.txt when i opened the package , i found the filter box seals ( one at each side ) were broken , an indication that it was not new . i thought it 's ok as long as the glass is clean and clear . when i opened the filter box , three pieces , the ring , the glass and the circular clamp , jumped out . while it 's bad sign , i still thought it 's ok as long as i could put them together . well , the glass was not clear , as if it was sanded in the middle with a fine sand paper ( i never saw any filter or lens in that shape before ! ) . before to ship it back , i did try to put three pieces togather ( so next person will not see these pieces jump out when open the box ) . guess what , the circular clamp was about 2-3mm longer and two ends could n't meet ! ! ! i could n't image any scenario under which this could happen , since it was from amazon , not from some unknowns of ebay ( actually , any ebayer will have to worry about the feedback ) . i was really shocked that amazon shipped that garbage to its customer ! hope this is just a random incident and amazon does have a very easy return practice . otherwise , i would not buy anything from amazon
music neg 556.txt i just purchased my sacd player and picked up boston and billy joel 's the stranger at the same time . after listening to the stranger , my mouth dropped . billy 's voice coming from the center speaker and all the other instruments and melodies coming from every different direction . then i put in boston and could n't tell a difference from the cd version i already own . i think it 's one of the best albums , but if you already own it on cd , do n't bother upgrading - there 's nothing special about the sacd version
software pos 75.txt i had a very old version of hallmark studio , do n't even remember how old . wanted to update . i installed the program and was absolutely amazed and very happy with this product and features . lots of cards to choose from , very very pretty colors . the event planner is great too ! the only thing i would change is the ability change font in the planner , and move written info by tabbing . otherwise it 's a wonderful program . highly recommended ! ! satisfie
health neg 885.txt i 'm sorry that i ordered these online . i should have tried them first . they do not fit round heads . no matter how many times you adjust them they do not fit . the bow needs to have an adjustment too . the magnet is not that strong when put on a round head they just pop off . would not buy another pair .
health pos 922.txt i thought this was convenient and easy to use . seemed to give a pretty accurate reading .
books neg 84.txt just awful save your money , this book is not worth it . the pictures are dull and lifeless , boring composition . mann has n't captured anything here but a bunch of worthless photos . any 10th rate amateur photographer could have done better .
health pos 782.txt i was hesitant to spend this much money on a shaver but i am so glad i did . this one gives me a really good shave . i have had it for one month and have not used a hand razor since . another review says the cleaning process is a bit loud , which it is but since you turn it on and leave it , i just close the bathroom door so the noise is not a problem .
books neg 659.txt this dictionary is just another long-winded , pretentious , unreadable , high-brow attempt to legitimize anthropology . the authors of each definition are more concerned with impressing their peers than giving the average person clear insight to cultural anthropology . if you are struggling through a cultural anthropology class , and are looking for a dictionary with clear definitions , forget this book
software pos 372.txt excellent for the novice . i callibrated three monitors with the spider . prior to calibration the images were completely different from each other - after i was amazed how close the images were to each other . the process is so simple that even a cave man could do it .
dvd pos 554.txt new york city the two disc set special edition should be added to your collection , , , , this movie rule :
health pos 258.txt i purchased this for my husband as a gift without ever having smelled it . i based my purchase on other reviews , and the fact that i have the burberry classic for women and love it . i crossed my fingers and hoped that the reviews were right . well , they were ! when this came in i could not resist ; i had to open the box . i pulled the outer wrapping back , carefully pulled the box out ( i was able to replace all this without hubby knowing ) , sprayed some into the air , and " ahhhh " , wonderful ! i loved it ! it smells wonderful on my husband , too . it 's kind of woodsy , but not overpowering at all . it 's a classic , warm fragrance , and it lasts a long time . i will definitely buy this again
dvd neg 776.txt so what kind of movie is this from the director of " i know what you did last summer ? " it 's basically another installment of the same genre with a similar set-up and similar function . deep down , venom is just another teen slasher movie . they rode into this film with the same clichd scares , a young group of teens , a psycho killer , and a traditional ending . so is it worth seeing ? that i ca n't completely answer for you . if you like more of the same old , then it 's probably going to be a blast . the filmmakers were smart enough to throw in a few thrilling moments among the mundane , overused plot . i found some parts to be slightly unpredictable , and they did a good job detailing some suspenseful moments near the third act of the film . the voodoo element allowed for some additional surprises and kept the killer from being simply " an unstoppable evil force . " but individually , do the separate factors of this film combine to make a masterpiece ? quite frankly , in my opinion at least....no . let 's take a look at some of them ; acting - well done , well directed too i might add . the acting is realistic to a degree , and brings us into the film . the actors responded ( for the most part ) realistically to the story line and i think that this was set-up nicely . the major issue here was the persistence in finding a gun when the killer is already dead , not to mention a demon child of voodoo hoodoo . lighting - dim , dark and mysterious ; the lighting definitely amplified the mood of this film . combined with the swamp-like location , i think that it sets a perfect example of what a good location combined with good lighting can do - make a relatively unattractive plot look beautiful . special effects - they set this up pretty well . a few scenes made me cringe and i felt that the artists working on the film definitely put their hearts into it...or bled them out for it . the gore was n't excessive , but just right for a slasher film , and props to the director for making that call . my only qualm with this is that they used the standard halloween " stage blood " which is just basically a thick bright red liquid that looks nothing like blood despite its color . a few of the actors squirm around in it , only to look like they 're rolling around in pizza sauce . there are a few other tacky special effects , including the last major one in the film . the killer - mr. jangles... . ? enough said...sounds like a dog . i 'll give the killer credit for being a good actor , but the portrayal needed a lot of work . the make-up kicked it up a notch , but the slow-motion style jumps and action-movie style stunts did n't do it justice . the man looked like an athlete and moved like one...not like a reincarnated being housing the souls of 13 evil spirits . although i do n't specifically know what that looks like....i 'm sure they do n't run like football players . so what overall ? it 's ok . not something i 'd be dying to see , and i 'm glad that i did n't run to the theatre to catch the first showing . it has some good moments and some bad , but does n't really stand out from any normal hollywood production . my recommendation ? it 's ok . i 'd rather go rent containment instead ; the first movie in a long time to completely blow my mind . it 's good to know that there is still some talent out there somewhere and that it still filters into the film world now and again.. .
health neg 184.txt i am in my early 30 's and never had a problem with acne until my mid 20's . i had been using proactiv for quite some time ( 5 years or so ) and it worked pretty well . i say pretty well since it did clear my face some , but my face has not been totally clear in a long time . along comes acnefree which is " better " than proactiv since you can buy it locally and it contains more of the active ingredient- -cool , i am sick of ordering it online and it is cheaper ! well , i guess you get what you pay for- -i do n't consider myself to have particularly sensitive skin , but i used acnefree one time in the morning . so far so good- -until 2 am the next morning when i broke out in hives all over my entire body . so no more acnefree for me , just wanted to give my experience for anyone who might be in the same situation
music neg 903.txt i heard from a number of people that amon amarth were an excellent death metal band , so with that in mind , i though i 'd try osftgh . what i hear , and it certainly seems i 'm missing out on something , is sloppy musicianship and poor songwriting . just because you have mead dripping from your beard , and you scream out lyrics that contain , no mercy , vengeance and " it 's your time to die " does not mean you can create " authentic " viking / metal . these idiots could definitely take lessons from : enslaved , manegarm , falkenbach to name a few . do n't fall for the hype !
dvd neg 957.txt jackie is only in a brief clip in the beginning , stolen from the real drunken master . this clip is entirely unrelated to the movie , and is very short . buy this if you want , but not because you think it has jackie in it
software pos 103.txt i have had nothing short of an excellent experience with this product . i have created numerous videos of my children 's escapades and sporting events . i do have one warning however . provide the grandparents with a box of tissues because they never fail to cry when they see their little angels parading across the widescreen . the software is extremely intuitive and easy to use . my wildest expectations were exceeded .
music neg 85.txt i used to like good charlotte , enough that i bought this cd , but i really do n't like them at all anymore . they try to look all punk , but they are pop . they whine a lot . i think it 's time to get over the fact that their dad left and they were uncool . they should at least stop doing songs about it . they have some ok melodies and words , but for the most part all their songs sound the same . good charlottes first two cd 's were almost good , but this one is bad and really whiny
music neg 251.txt am i the only ones who actually liked nelly 's first album , i thought it had charm , style , grandier to me and kind of scale and kind of importance , you thought it mean something , but this is just a lame gimmick from the start , i mean there are some moments and some good songs ( including the sexy and very funny music video hot in herre with cedric the entertainer ) , but the rest are just horrible , there is nothing else about this album that i can engage with nor cared about and who cares ? country grammer was funny and good , this one 's an utter disaster . one of the worst albums of the decade .
music neg 315.txt " what 's up " , the catchy song with the acousitc guitar out of tune ( which , i always thought , would have been the perfect song for heart ) , is the only thing good here . the rest of this album is a mess . linda perry has , of course , gone on to better things
dvd pos 291.txt there are n't many films from any era that come close to being " perfect " ( though that 's not really the right word ) in just about every way- -probably you could count them on your fingers and have some left over . " friendly persuasion " is one of those films- -in spades . directed by william wyler and starring gary cooper , dorothy mcguire , and tony perkins , it is a wonderful , human story about a loving family of quakers ( also known as friends ) living in one of the union-confederate " border " states at the time of the civil war in the 1860s . the cast , in small roles and large , is uniformly excellent , none calling attention to themselves but rather becoming their characters and making us understand them . led by beloved , legendary star gary cooper in a great performance as the head of the quaker family jess birdwell , they are marvelous , including child actor richard eyer as feisty " little jess " , scrapping with his big sister or partaking in a running feud with " samantha " , his mother eliza birdwell 's pet goose , who more than carries her end of the feud with scene-stealing craftiness . there are incidents of family humor and love and occasional disagreements , and a hilarious episode in which eldest son josh ( perkins ) accompanies father jess on a sales trip and is set upon by the scrappy , amorous daughters of one of jess 's customers ( marjorie main ) . we are settled into a lovely , lively exploration of the birdwell family 's idyllic existence . then the war intrudes . josh feels he must volunteer to fight as long as others have to , even though it is against the teachings of his faith . his younger sister loves a young union officer who is soon to go into battle . rebel troops are nearing the region where they live , and no one , including the audience , quite knows what will happen . there is a beautifully honest and dramatic sequence in which young josh gets his first taste of battle , which perkins performs with heartbreaking realism . i recall my father , a world war ii veteran , saying that this scene was the most realistic depiction of a young man 's first time in battle that he had ever seen in the movies . when it is all over and the birdwells return to their quiet , hard-working , loving life as a family , the music ( dimitri tiomkin 's marvelous score ) swells , the wonderful lyrics to the song " friendly persuasion " are sung sweetly by the young pat boone , and you realize you have spent two wonderful hours with these genuinely fine , completely human characters in ordinary life and in challenging times . the story has been told with integrity , honesty , humanity , gentle humor , kind restraint and , yes , love- -all of these also attributes of the birdwell family that we have come to know . that is the " genius " of this film . along with a very few others , it shows us who we are , who we can be , and how we can live , all with a grace and humility that is almost poetic . and the film never , ever loses its balance . it 's just a great and good movie . i 've seen it almost a dozen times , and it can still move me to tears . i 'm betting it could be released today , amid the ridiculously over-budgeted , badly executed films that rely too much on computer effects and star charisma , and that it would clean up at the box office . the term " family values " has been kicked around a lot lately , and nobody quite seems to know what is really meant by it . watch this truly beautiful film and you 'll get a pretty good idea of the genuine meaning of those words .
books neg 619.txt you get a view into 60 's white america . the only people of color in this book are a policeman , and a caricature . i do n't have a problem with other seuss books where they are set in fantasy land and the whole world is make believe . this is set in everyday life , and i think its best left on the bookshelf , it has nothing to offer my child who has and who lives in a world where folks have brown eyes and black hair , not to mention various shades of skin colour . the rhyming is also not entertaining enough to enjoy and makeup for this one-dimensional & quot ; white&quot ; depiction of the world
books pos 231.txt if you are familiar with the work of strobel , this book will continue to impress you . if you are not however , and would like to know where the author is coming from , i encourage you to read his previous works , " the case for christ " and " the case for faith " so that you might better understand strobel . some people have condemned this book because strobel does n't present the evolutionary side well . i have a few quick observations to make . first of all , he 's a journalist ; he asks tough questions and , for the most part , gets good responses . second , everyone has an agenda , without exception . strobel , and those who he interviews , analyze and break down the views of prominent evolutionists and modern darwinian scientific views . finally , it is clear from the outset that strobel wants to make a compelling case for id . this is not an unreasonable goal . the fact that he does n't interview evolutionists should n't bother anyone , based on his obvious objectives . if you want a book that allows evolutionists and designers to write you want to look into a point-counter point series book . if you want to understand the current id debate and would like to get a real good look at some of the cosmological evidence for a creator , this book is for you
dvd pos 596.txt i really , really like this piece of film.rated pg-13 for stylized action violence.good for anyon
dvd pos 364.txt i have owned a copy of this film for a long time . i have probably watched it ten times , and i always tear up a little at each viewing . from the beginning newsreel , of a shell-shocked diane feinstein announcing the less than hour old murders of harvey milk and mayor george moscone , to the final reel of harvey milk 's prophetic and haunting statements , the viewer is mesmerized . though harvey milk was a san francisco city supervisor , his election in the 1970 's , that of an open and unrepentant gay man , made national headlines . he was a ray of hope to gay people everywhere , who at that time were unrepresented and , for the most part , still forced into the closet . this film not only gives insight into the philosiphy of harvey milk , but is a rare document into that not so long ago but seemingly ancient time . milk was a very eloquent speaker , and his sensibility , logic , and unapologetic viewpoint more often than not made mincemeat of any verbal opponent . this is best displayed in the footage of his debate with then california senator briggs , a buffoon like character , who not only was a terrible speaker , who could n't even clearly express his arguably irrational fears , but who in fact seemed much prissier than his nemesis milk . the public view at that time was about family values , with the anita bryants condeming homosexuals to hell for their decadent ways ( old times come round again... . ) . milk 's voice opposed this view openly , and he seemed to predict his early demise at the hands of an assassin who was against what he represented . the notion of this martyrdom , and its romantic though fateful attraction to milk , has been argued . nevertheless , his bravery in representing the unrepresented cannot be argued , and the sordid details of his love affairs and personal life should not diminish his message , nor the admiration he deserves . this film unfolds as it happened , seeming like fiction , but all too real . as milk is assassinated , along with the mayor , by the homophobic and disgruntled resigned supervisor dan white , whose subsequent trial , with the famous " twinkie defense " , and his being sentenced to an appalling five years for the murders , resulted in riots the likes of which the city had never seen . as one of those interviewed here expresses with sad resignation , ... if only the mayor had been killed , white would have gotten life , but the fact that milk , a gay man , had also been killed , leaned public sympathy towards white , an absurd but all too realistic conclusion.there are many moving , telling , historically signifigant moments in this film , but none so clearly represents those times , and milk 's loss and legacy , as the film of the nighttime march in san francisco right after the murders . seas of people , holding candles and standing silently , came together in a very moving moment in time . this film , which won best documentary at that years oscars , transcends its subject matter , and is simply a great documentary . gay rights have made much progress . and perhaps time has diminished their names and these memories to most all , excluding those who were there , are old enough to remember , or are gay . nonetheless , harvey milk is a representive and icon of the early gay rights movement , and his legacy , through schools named after him , organizations , and his place in history as a voice for the all too often voiceless , lives on .
dvd pos 463.txt we are halfway through the friends series...5 down , 5 to go ! the 5th season of friends is the season where : *monica and chandler start their relationship *ross gets married...again to rachel out of being very very drunk ! *they pass the 100th episode whenever i watch season five all i can really say is that it is easily watchable and is quite good , but it isnt my favourite season . for some reason i notice the episodes are kind of all over the place and its not like it used to be . dont get me wrong i still love the show and this season is good , but this one is n't vital . i personally only bought this season for that episode where monica has a turkey on her head with the big glasses and hat and then dances ! i know ! stupid ! lol but its classic ! this season box set isnt desperately needed in your collection , unless you want to see monica and chandler start their relationship and hide it with joey covering for them constantly ( the one with ross 's sandwich is great when joey covers for monica and chandler ! ) the top 5 episodes are very easy to pick for this particular season . my personal top 5 episodes are : the one with all the kissing the one hundredth ( has to be here ! the 100th ! ) the one with the thanksgiving flashbacks the one where everybody finds out ( best here ! ! ! ! ) the one where rachel smokes i didnt care much for the season finale , i mean , identical hand twin ? ? not very funny . very time wasting ! . the only really good thing in the final is the very last scene ! ! ! overall , not a stellar season , not as good as season 3 or 4 but definitley up there somewhere . not desperatley needed in your collection , if only collecting a few . contains some very good episodes . the one where everybody finds out is a highlight ! check that out
books neg 919.txt i ordered the book from them on nov1. on nov 15 i called and they told me they did n't have it . the money was returned by amazon
dvd neg 119.txt this movie has a good plot , great acting , and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life . i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other , but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos , the profanity , the undermining of parental authority , and the lack of closure concerning landon 's journey to faith . it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience . i saw more bad in it than good , which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie
dvd pos 603.txt these films used to be on tv all the time . i was amazed at how clever the plots were . i did n't remember some of them . " weird woman " is my favorite " b-film " and i 'm always recommending it to people . movies used to be so entertaining ! it 's great to have this collection available to film fans . we can overlook chaney 's stiffness , as the rest of the cast really compensates for it
software pos 817.txt isbn-1581700296 black leather non-indexed kjv this is a beautiful bible . every verse is colored and each color stands for something such as love , family , faith , salvation , etc. it also has the center column reference , a one year bible reading schedule , a daily verse lisiting with , of course , 365 verses , one for each day of the year , various maps and pictures , outlines of each book , and a list of 100 popular bible verses , 50 from the old testament and 50 from the new . there is also a section in the front of the book that explains the color system and gives examples as well . it is also available in niv as well as kjv . i 'd highly suggest this bible to anyone , but shop around . the one i bought listed at amazon for $77.99 but i bought it at a local bookstore for $39.99 plus tax . same book , same isbn exactly .
camera pos 76.txt if you do n't need the speed or ca n't afford the expensive 85mm f1.4 nikkor lens or both , then this lens may be the right one for you . it took nikon a while to produce a superb compact 85mm lens , but this time they finally got it right . without a doubt , this is a fine portrait lens for photographing head-and-shoulder portraits ( the only lens which is optically better is nikon 's legendary 105mm f2.5 nikkor lens , and its close optical twin , the 105mm f2.8 micro nikkor . ) . since the 105mm f2.5 nikkor lens does n't have an autofocus version , then this might be the perfect moderate telephoto lens for owners of nikon autofocus slr cameras . regardless , this lens has a well-earned reputation for excellent contrast and resolution
software pos 410.txt i 've been using streets & trips for years . i 'm a real estate broker and use it every day . great product . not as up-to-date as yahoo maps but easier and faster to use , particularly the route planner , gps , live local links , etc
dvd neg 735.txt terrible follow up to the first movie . this movie does not hold a candle to the first classic movie staring john travolta and olivia newton john . the acting is bad , and it is not worth the money . it belongs where most grease belongs ... in a bucket under the sink .
dvd neg 609.txt five stars for the movie one star for this dvd because it is missing the key scene when clara talks to her parents in their bedroom after marty drops her off . the dvd cuts from clara putting her key in the door to marty walking to the bus stop . why the scene is cut i have n't a clue
camera pos 604.txt me encuentro muy conforme con el producto , es de excelente calidad y muy buen precio . amazon es para mi el mejor sitio para la compra de cualquier producto
music neg 834.txt usually jerry 's scores for movies are priceless , ( i.e. the other score for & quot ; legend&quot ; ) but rudy is a little bit too unoriginal and the feelings meant to be expressed seem much too&quot ; forced&quot ; for my taste.it 's ok as a weird sort of comedy album , i suppose , but from the main theme i was laughing because it 's meant to be such a serious experience-but is n't ! i think that only the biggest goldsmith efficianado could find joy in this cd . ( .
health neg 561.txt at first , this seems like a pretty good drink shaker . the body and lid are fairly sturdy . however , there 's a separate rubber seal that sits inside the lid.. . and if that pops out , which it 's prone to do with mine , you 're left with a leaky ( and therefore useless ) shaker . the seal can be replaced with a bit of effort , but who wants to wrestle with a plastic bottle
books pos 591.txt i love these type of memoirs . a person who is not boasting about their skill or having an attitude . simply shares the love of his work and love of his county . all of james herriot 's books are wonderfull . i was introduced to the children 's books a few years ago and just recently started reading his memoirs . love it , some parts were a bit dry but the books still flowed well and drew you back . love the depth of scenery and anicdotes about the area . recommend any book of his
music neg 953.txt this is as bad as the film.in fact just like the film the soundtrack is the same old formula.will&amp ; his movies&amp ; music never change the same old beat.the rest of the soundtrack is just as bad.unoriginal&amp ; boring.what a waste of kool moe dee
camera pos 143.txt for its time and price ( at the time ) , a fantastic camera . 6.3 mp is more than sufficient for most amateur and semi-pro ( non-studio ) work , and this camera works very well with what really matters : canon 's fantastic lenses . battery life on this camera is very good . the " shutter lag " ( between when you depress the button and when the camera actually takes a photo ) is fairly well non-existent , and the only real lag i have is when i am shooting multiple photos in raw format . as most photographers know , the lens is almost more important than the body , and outside of leica lenses , i do n't think anything really competes with canon 's line . the 18-55 lens that comes with this camera is sufficient for casual work...i used it at the beach , and on hikes with my dog , when i do n't want to lug around my bigger , more expensive , higher-quality lenses . but for $75 or so , you can have a 50mm 1.8 eos lens , which will supplement the 18-55 nicely , particularly for night photography . my one complaint about this camera is its ability to meter light adequately in dark settings . when i shoot raw this is n't such a big problem , because i can fix it in photoshop , but most everything i shoot inside , unless i manually mess with the white balance every time , has an orange tint that is interesting for the first 200 shots , and then is annoying after . i think the more advanced eos models that have come out since 2004 or so fix this color problem , and also help a bit with the lag between the raw shots...but for the money , this camera is excellent , and far , far superior to , for example , olympus ' digital exquivalent ( for a similar price ) . the difference , as far as i 'm concerned , is in the absolute advantage canon has in lens quality . you can use a high-end consumer body like this one , use a professional piece of canon glass ( lens ) and take excellent photos . i would n't invest in a system that does n't also boast excellent lens quality
dvd neg 605.txt equilibrium is a curate 's egg - its best parts are not good throughout , and its worst aspects make erratic appearances . the acting is really the least of its problems ; the cardinal failure was a script that could not decide what kind of movie it wanted to be when it grew up . equilibrium , however poorly , aspires to be a dystopian film , and there exists a dystopian formula at work in fiction and film alike . such a formula was employed magnificently in michael radford 's adaptation of george orwell 's 1984. contrarily , films imperil themselves in discarding the formula as evidenced by alfonso cuaron 's junky adaptation of p.d. james ' the children of men . there are essentially three parts to this formula . first , there must be a depiction of a believable society , and plausible justifications for its existence . the author or script writer must paint vividly , yet remain nuanced , since at this stage his purpose is to show the reader or viewer , without yet telling him the philosophy underlying it . second , two-thirds of the way through there must be a conversation between protagonist and antagonist , which formally unveils the ethical dilemma . here , the protagonist offers his alternative , usually an acknowledgement of the humane . third , the dystopian resolution lies in the protagonist 's choice : he must surrender to the system , rebel against it , or be conquered by it . the ending , if it is not tragic in the classical sense , must be ambiguous ; if it is ended happily , it is no longer a matter for the reader or viewers ' thoughts : the problem has been resolved , and he may retire from it and become forgetful of it . libria , the society depicted in equilibrium , is a post-apocalyptic society wherein feeling has been criminalized under the pretext that human feelings , and the actions carried out on their behalf , represent the fons et origio of man 's inhumanity to man . the objective of outlawing sentiments is the preservation of peace . is this believable ? ultimately , it is not because the viewer is given no other reason for this society to exist , no justification for its brutality except that it is by this method alone that peace may be preserved . however , a desire for peace is predicated on an aversion to war , and aversion is something we principally feel . a more believable premise would have been the prohibition of certain feelings , but it is also unbelievable because it is inconsistent . the protagonist ( john preston , a member of the grammaton cleric , an elite government agency for enforcing laws against so-called ` sense-crimes ' ) marries , begets children , hesitates in killing his partner - what point would there be in any of this in a society that had eliminated feeling ? and , if we are being generous , and suppose that this was done intentionally so as to say , " you can never entirely eliminate feeling , " it fails still ; because if the denizens of libria were n't completely devoid of feeling , they could n't be as cowed as they are depicted . instead , countless times throughout the film characters make comments , statements , enquiries that can only have as their possible source or response an emotion . to have had characters who were truly apathetic , or for whom the fictitious drug prozium was effective , they would have had more in common with star trek 's borg . the backdrop for this dystopia , then , lacks subtlety or nuance . from the first fifteen seconds of film , the viewer ethically objects - it remains tediously manichean throughout . the viewer is given a straw man and immediately begins tearing it down and the only suspense is literally in waiting for what we know will happen . in brave new world , it is mustapha mond 's conversation with john the savage . in 1984 , it is o'brien 's talk with winston smith . in the children of men , it is a debate between theo and the xan . in equilibrium , the formal unveiling of the ethical dilemma happens in a haphazard way throughout , culminating in a fight scene that lacks the awe inspired by the matrix three years before . here was the moment for the " talky " bit of the film , the sophisticated counter-punch , the moral awakening , the vindication of the human ; instead , the viewer is given another low-brow , hollywood denouement . john preston does nothing to justify his alternative to the totalitarian status quo - there is no bit of dialogue with father where lines are spoken which conveys the notion that " feelings are essential to thought , " or that " peace has been obtained at a terrible price . " all the loose ends , littered liberally throughout the film , are never addressed : why have art in libria ? why does father intonate , and raise the pitch of his voice to manipulate the masses in a scene reminiscent of a leni riefenstahl propaganda film ? a better film would have acknowledged these scenes , and defended their inclusion in a climatic dialogue between john preston and father ( or dupont as it turns out ) . the conclusion of equilibrium can be summarized as follows : " good guy kills bad guys , sixty-second revolution ensues , people can feel again , hero smiles , time to go to bed . " there was n't ever a genuine ethical dilemma anyway : what was wrong was obviously wrong , and what was right was intuitively right . the viewer never believed the reasons libria came to be , or at least they never found them plausible in the way they found huxley 's , orwell 's , james ' , zamyatin 's , or koestler 's explanations . in equilibrium it was all simply the soft groundwork prepared for the banal , unoriginal action movie to follow . the plot , then , was in some respects as shallow as the tendentious storylines in soft-core porn films : they need n't be sensical because no one is interested in the story , but rather for the titillation , arousal , and amusement . many viewers of equilibrium are fans of flashy action sequences ( a majority of whom were not disappointed as their reviews attest ) ; but for those seeking a fuller cinematic experience , equilibrium is an unfortunate disappointment . during the film a woman asks preston , " why are you alive ? " preston responds with the bureaucratically sterile answer , " i 'm alive to safeguard the continuity of this great society . to serve libria . " " it 's circular . you exist to continue your existence . what 's the point ? " she asks . and , what 's the point is exactly the point about this film .
health neg 951.txt i bought this for my husband and son and was not even able to give one hair cut . it pulled the hair , and did n't cut well . my husband kept complaining that it hurt and was pulling . since i could n't finish , i had to use our old clippers to get the job done . this was so disappointing , but i guess you get what you pay for .
camera neg 202.txt gosh , i would really like to review this adapter , but- - - amazon has put my order on indefinate hold , as thier supplier is unable to get any more . but wait ! what 's that blurb on the product page - " availability : ususally ships within 24 hours " and " want it delivered tomorrow ? order it in the next 5 hours and 36 minutes , and choose one-day shipping at checkout . see details . " so they ca n't deliver it , yet they still list it as available for delivery tomorrow ? do n't order from amazon
software neg 697.txt this game can get very boring . it 's very confusing and hard to control . it is sooooo frustrating ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the instruction booklet does n't come in handy either . like some other people , i only got rabbits too . i bought this game because i wanted to heal cats and horses . but , only rabbits came . buying this game was a big mistake . it is reallly no fun . do n't waste your money on this game . i gave up about a month ago . i 've left it on the shelf and have n't touched it since .
health neg 349.txt the description for this cartridge says that it " provides continuous protection against mold and bacteria " with its " aquastat " antimicrobial technology . if you read the literature that comes with it , however , it says that it prevents microbe growth *in the cartridge*. not in your humidifier . it 's not an antimicrobial cartridge ; it 's a demineralization cartridge . whoever reported that it removes slime must be imagining it
camera neg 966.txt as an owner of the sony dcr-hc30 model dv handicam , i want to warn everyone about my horrible experience with this product line . design and feature-wise , these handicams are great . the problem is , they are built like junk . from the day i opened my box , i got a message that told me that the heads were dirty and needed to be cleaned . in retrospect , i should have returned it for a replacement then and there . but being a basically optimistic guy , i decided it just got dirty in transit , and i got a head cleaner and cleaned the heads . it worked fine for about 30 days - just about the amount of time in sony 's crappy labor warranty . and from that point forward , i have gotten dirty head messages constantly , which at first could be ` cleaned away , ' but now , even when the message is gone , problems persist . i often get bars across the screen during playback , and i have already determined that i have lost many a precious memory of my infant children . sony 's solution to this situation is their standard " flat rate " repair program , truly a bargain for $250 or so - more than half what i paid for the camera in the first place . and sony wonders why their brand value has all but disappeared ? they are just another electronics brand now , and one with sub-par quality and service at that . guess i 'll be buying samsungs or canons next time around . are you listening , sony ?
software neg 153.txt i 've owned this software since it 's ridiculously overpriced $500 1.0 inception . even at it 's latest 1.5.1 $299 version apple should still be ashamed of themselves . i use final cut studio and own 3 recent macs , so i 've been devoted to apple to say the least . i am a professional wedding photographer / videographer . i have been more than patient with this software . it looks great , up to apple 's standards in design and vision but remains absolutely plagued with bugs . and unless you pay apple laughable amounts of money ( much more than the cost of the software itself ! ) , they will not provide support on anything except installation...even if there software update is the source of the issue . as someone who has been such an apple fan , i feel obligated to let everyone know that unless you enjoy pulling your hair out and repeating tasks over and over again do yourself a favor and download lightroom from adobe .
music pos 996.txt maiden had evolved into a new metal standard in 1986. not only did they lead the metal world with the greatest artwork on covers , but their music took a new form and justifed everything they had done in the past . iron maiden to powerslave were just the stepping stones to this standard classic . the cd starts out with caught somewhere in time , a galloping bassline , and parallel guitar make it , not only a classic , but ahead of its time . the rest of the cd id in pure form . my favorite track , however , is alexander the great . the intro starts out with a whisper of that era , and slowly builds to the howl of , i feel , the battle cry of the great warrior of history . iron maiden did not dissapoint with this cd . it is very well mixed and produced , and remains a standard in my collection of cd's .
dvd neg 358.txt this movie creeped me out and not in a good way . johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross . maybe it 's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face . could they have picked a more horrible look for ww ? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him ! i love tim burton 's other movies but this one sucked bigtime ! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from . this movie is childish if you 're an adult and pales compared to the original . if you 're a kid it 's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking " auntie zoe , what does that mean ? " when are screenwriters going to figure it out ? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie ! ! ! it 's really hard to do both in the same film . it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids , they end up appealing to nobody ! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version . i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing . it 's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters . the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones . the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton , if you are not a fan of either , do n't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo !
health pos 266.txt i love this toothbrush , its easy and it really imporoves your gum health
health pos 148.txt great aerobic exerciser for the money and very lightweight . let cool down after using as metal does get a bit hot . the plastic leg stoppers do stink a bit , yet the plastic will off-gas . works best on couch while watching tv / movies . for anyone who is disabled or uninspired to work out , i highly recommend this to help get you back into shape
dvd pos 48.txt i ca n't wait to see the original film again . i remember seeing the lemmings plunging into the sea . thus was born the inspiration for the great pc game , lemmings . yes , i know that the lemmings were ' manipulated ' into suicide . nevertheless i love this movie . i hope that they do n't cut the lemming sequence . disney has promised a full restoration . other animals that left a strong impression on me were the musk oxen in a circle being blasted with an arctic blizzard . the hardships of an arctic existence were beautifully photographed
music pos 170.txt a friend of mine gave me this cd about a year ago , i listened to a few minutes of it and was like " what is this crap ? " and i shelved it for a couple months . i then picked it back up and gave it another listen . to my surprise it was really catchy to me . the music ( and lyrics ) are simple , but thats what i like about them . theyre simple ! this is a great college-rock cd . i plan on checking out more teenage fanclub , and i suggest you do the same . notable tracks are sidewinder , what you do to me , and is this music ?
camera neg 599.txt ...but it stopped working after a year . the only thing the lens sees now is black , although the camera still turns on and i can look at pictures i took before the problem started . nonetheless , i loved this camera , and i think it was worth it , even though it only worked a year . now i 've learned my lesson and will buy a longer warranty or exchange for m new camera
camera neg 946.txt i spend hours pouring over reviews trying to decide which ultracompact was the best deal and the best overall camera . in the end , it came down to panasonic 's fx01 and cannon 's sd600. i read the warnings from other reviewers that the panasonic 's images were n't top quality , but i chose to ignore those reviewers because on paper the fx01 looks like it would out perform the sd600. i was wrong . after using the fx01 for a few days i knew what those other reviewers were talking about - grainy photo after grainy photo . i really really wanted this camera to be great , but it just wasn't . actually , my old 3mp camera took better shots then the 6mp fx01 ! very disappointing . i ended up returning this camera to amazon ( very easy-great service ) because of the poor image quality . i mean , wanting good photographs is why you take photos , right ? i know someone with the sd600 and he 's very happy with the quality . judging by the customer images on the sd600 's page on amazon , i think i should 've gone with cannon
health pos 451.txt i have been using this line of products since they were marketed . my plastic surgeon ( not used for facial needs ) keeeps remarking on my skin and has to remind himself that i am 61 !
music pos 131.txt this is my favorite jazz album of all time . put simply , this was miles davis at his best . the notes on this album simply float , and yet it flows together better than anything i 've ever heard . the composition is disorganized but in a way that it all makes complete sense . do n't let the thirty second clips fool you . i almost missed out on this because the clips are misleading . i took a chance on it , and it was the best gamble i 've ever made . a must have for any jazz enthusiast
dvd neg 975.txt ahh , " iron eagle " . a classic of the 1980 's golan-globus production mill . with the current spate of historic / " current " military movies , it 's sometimes good to see how hollywood 's come in trying to get the details right . one ca n't do much better than using this flick as a baseline . in case you are n't already familiar with this gem , louis gosset jr. playing a reserve air force colonel , and a teenage kid fly a mission inside an unnamed arab country -ok i 'll name it : libya - to rescue the kid 's dad . pop gets shot-down when he 's intercepted in international waters , but the us refuses to do anything more than diplomatic pressure . the kid and lou gosset meet up when the kid 's challenged to race the local bully with his plane while the bully 's using his dirt bike . suffice it to say he wins and impresses his babe ; he does n't get his slot at the usaf academy , though . you gotta take the bad with good i guess . when the words on dad get back to the family , this kid uses his base " network " to get access to imagery , enemy air defense data , and two f16s carrying a b52 's worth of ordinance . all of this being done by his friends exploiting the dim bulbs who are their parents , no less . ( if only strike planning was this easy . ) of course , the kid has flown training missions with his dad , and has a boatload of simulator time , so he 's a natural to fly the mission . he convinces gosset to go along with him , and his two-ship is on the way . the flying scenes are nothing spectacular , with obviously israeli f16s playing the good guys , and kfirs ( modified mirages ) acting as migs . cockpit scenes are completely the imagination of the set designer ; i 'm guessing he never was anywhere near a real aircraft . these are especially dated now as many computer flight sims are pretty darn accurate in cockpit , flight , and combat models . anyway , lots of explosions on the way in , lou gets hit and aborts and our hero must press on alone-go figure . he manages to talk with the evil dictator directly and get his dad on the runway for him to land ( ! ) and pick him up . more silliness ensues as he launches weapons on the ground , taxi 's out and takesoff . he kills the bad guy and heads home to find lou punched out and was rescued . rather than the prison sentence for espionage , and theft of government property that lou , the kid , his pals and the idiots they exploited on base should 've got , he gets his slot at the air force academy . the end . overall , i guess lou 's performance was fairly good , but everyone else performed at the grade-b level this flick is . note especially a very young shawnee smith as one of the kid 's buds . worth seeing for laughs , and as a film version of a kid 's pilot fantasy .
music pos 23.txt wonderful instrumentals and lyrics . a shenandoah lullaby is simply beautiful . i love the way the ending segues into brahm 's lullaby . his version of arkansas traveller is refreshing . teddy bears ' picnic is a quaint song that few people have heard . there ai n't no bugs on me is my two-year-old daughter 's favorite , judging from the way she belts out this song and giggles from time to time . i like all the songs on the cd . a breath of fresh air for parents who prefer real instruments to synthesized pop .
health neg 55.txt the product does not work as it is shown on tv . there are very specific instructions on how it works and it is not so easy . the item was a gift that is now just gathering dust
music neg 587.txt there 's nothing outrageous about the title song - it 's a lame , mind-numbing piece of crap compared to many other songs found on the " in the zone " album : imagine " breathe on me " , " touch of my hand " or " shadow " on constant radio play or running on mtv . and no , we 're not apparently going to have that because britney 's precious time was wasted in incorporating this bore of a song into a single and even attempting a video out of it , like we know ended up in britney 's injury . for nothing . fortunately for this single , it 's got the already legendary " toxic " and a marvelous vocal mix version of " everytime " - another star for that .
music pos 454.txt the debut release entitled " breathe " by artist called blue stone is one of the best new age albums that i 've heard in years ! i would even go as to say that it is even better than any of amethystiums albums . " i am " is heavenly and " contact " is an eerie number that is destined to be a future classic !
software pos 329.txt nero 7 the original version was useless in that it prevented you from burning some things ; mysteriously nero had suddenly undone itself . all of that has now changed with the new update . it is so good that you can now burn anything on vista . nero inc also released a " nero 7 cleantool " for removing bad installs . if you have had trouble with nero 7 on vista then the cleantool will fix it . apply the tool . clean install . nero 7 is 99.9% effective but has a tendency to corrupt now again simply because it has a vast configuration system . nero is a core burning tool . this means that several backup packages out there will actually find nero on install and use it for burning . one example is dvdshrink that runs nero in the background while backing up dvd movies on dvd-r . i / o errors with these programs , including dvd decrypter , are usually the result of a configuration problem with nero . one example is updating your firmware . sometimes this requires you to reinstall nero . this problem however is the only bug i have found with nero . just on the side - i highly recommend either sony , imation , memorex , verbatim as relatively cheap good second class media ( 80% or higher burn success rate ) . dvd is still in its early days of development and some media is garbage so do n't blame nero if you make coasters ( half burned dvd-r discs that are useless to you ) with this software . i also recommend a healthy supply of at least 3 dvd-rw discs for testing your burning so that you never make a coaster and waste money . okay , now back to nero . nero burning rom is the real tool in the bundle . it is the most configurable burning tool in the package while nero express is for those who do not know a thing about burning and works like a wizard . a word of advice is to stick with the rom and learn it without using the wizard . you can choose from dozens of cd formats and dozens dvd formats , including several variations of each format . image burning and hybrid discs of any time are all here . there is not a disc format you cannot burn with this program . burner hardware based error correction systems in conjunction with the nero software make a perfect burn almost every time . nero also happens to be extremely fast , if not the fastest out there , however fast is also in terms of how fast your burner is , but the software package requires little to no processing before a 8gb dvd is being pulled onto your hd . you can create isos with nero and even use nero to open up isos so you can read the content ) . there is an amazing amount of free software out there that uses this burner as their base and rightly so . it is the best burning software out there at this time of writing . pros : - if you can learn tutorials for all types of backups then this and a dvd burner will change your life if you play games and watch movies . - solid performance . with good hardware and media almost flawless burns every time . - nice configuration . can even backup your ps and xbox games . - all burning formats . - about 266mb in size . cons : - let 's face it . dvd burning and backup does have a bit of a learning curve . read plenty of tutorials that use nero to do specific backups . - corrupts sometimes and needs cleaning before reinstall . - you really need a top of the range machine to backup a dvd in less than an hour
dvd neg 778.txt when we watched this remake of brian 's song , it was not by design . we had requested the 1971 version from netflix , but the dvd was damaged in the mail and they resent the 2001 remake by mistake . but instead of sending it back again , we thought " what the hec , let 's give it a chance . " while we did n't expect it to live up to the beloved original , nothing could prepare us for how god-awful it was . so when we saw all the stars given to this remake , we were utterly mystified . other than mekhi phifer 's performance , which was pretty good , it was a joke . sean 's maher 's brian piccolo was a caricature ; cartoony and over-the-top obnoxious . maybe they had intended to cast jim carrey in the role but he was busy . instead , they got maher to do a jim carrey impersonation . james caan portrayed piccolo as this outgoing , wise-cracking guy , but he was human and believable - - not a clown . and those football scenes . they looked ridiculous . at least in the original they used real game footage , which gave a real gritty sense of being in a stadium - - not at a high school or some sound stage . even though the original was a tv movie , the performances , scenarios and dialog were well done , believable , touching , heartwrenching . if you watch it now is it dated ? of course , but there 's nothing wrong with that . it is current to the time it depicts . but this remake reminds us of a very bad , melodramatic after-school special . really , it was so bad i ca n't find adequate words to describe it
music neg 78.txt know here is man with absoultely no lyrical skills baby dont get with a wanksta good girl wants a gangsta what about girls just want normal people no way can anybody like slim thug everybody likes a pimp onli weird and freakish people do slim thug isnt a thug if he was he would be in jail studo gangsta gangst
dvd neg 284.txt i was very disappointed with this show . having read the reviews i decided to buy the dvd , now i feel cheated . the jokes are weak , his inaccurate depiction of africa and his off-the-mark african accent were more annoying than amusing . jamie was crude , disgusting and even more disappointingly , not funny at all . he will look back at this and feel acknowlege that it was n't his best performance . he had such good material to base his jokes on but he flopped quite badly . i do not recommend this dvd at all
books pos 603.txt this is for sure a great book , if you have the ability to concentrate for more than five minutes , unlike the majority of the herd , in mean people , of today . if your intrest lies in the substance of this book , read some other review , i 'm only going to tell you that , the ( 1909 ) publication , stinks ; the so called book , is more like a oversized magizine , and the print is about the size of a footnote in the bible
camera pos 694.txt this item is cute . my only complaint is that it really can only hold the camera . there is no space for an extra card or battery . it does however have a convenient belt clip on the back that you could also attach a shoulder strap to .
music neg 888.txt first show on broadway i ever left at intermission . i bought the tickets because i did n't think i could go wrong seeing a show directed by strohman , starring craig bierko who was fantastic in music man and was flat flat flat in this show , and music by harry connick jr. whom i have loved forever . it taught me that everything has it 's place and harry 's place is not a broadway stage . i hope for his sake , he does not try again . if i could rate something at zero stars , this would get that rating
software pos 152.txt ms office student and teacher edition 2003 is a versatile tool you can use for different purposes : office documents and presentations , school work and projects , correspondences , scrapbooks , pictures , etc. truly a great addition to your computer software
dvd pos 87.txt the royal tenenbaums is wes anderson 's third major motion picture . the movie revolves around a rich , but extremely eccentric man name royal tenenbaum ( gene hackman ) . royal and his wife etheline ( angelica huston ) had three children : chas ( ben stiller ) , margot ( gwyneth paltrow ) , and richie ( luke wilson ) . in the 1970s the tenenbaums were one of america 's premier families : margot was a famous playwright , richie was a junior tennis champion who later won three consecutive u.s. nationals , and chas started his first real estate business at an early age earning himself his first million dollars before he was thirteen . that was almost thirty years ago and the tenenbaums have largely been forgotten . betrayal , failure , and disaster have haunted the family and the laurels of their youthful days have withered and died . what 's worse is that royal 's children and wife blame him for all their failures . royal senses that his time is earth is waning and he wishes to set things right . with the assistance of his faithful servant and lifelong friend , pagoda ( kumar pallana ) , royal sets into motion a plan to redeem himself in his family 's eyes . i 'm a pretty big fan of wes anderson and have seen all four of his films . the royal tenenbaums is anderson 's most critically acclaimed and his most popular picture . however , it is my least favorite of his movies . like all anderson films the movie is filled with quirky characters and witty dialogue . the film is about the redemption of a man in the eyes of his family , a theme that i enjoy . yet , the film just did n't resonate with me as much as anderson 's other pictures . i really do n't know why that is . that 's not to say the royal tenenbaums is a bad movie because it 's not . in addition to everything else mention it also has some good acting , brilliant set designs , etc. i just prefer a movie about thieve brothers or a film about a precocious teenage genius or comic-drama about a sea-voyaging documentarian instead
software pos 704.txt absolutely no trouble installing on 2 computers , ( i use windows xp ) ! ! total protection , plus you can block many websites very easy , which is great for the computer the kids use . came with 3 licenses
dvd pos 837.txt this disc is pure gold ! featuring a full live performance from their 2004 european tour and tons of classic and backstage footage this is the ultimate stray cats fan collectible ! the concert documented on this disc is so satisfying you would think it was still the early 80's . they show almost no signs of age and you can tell they pour their heart out into the show . they go through all their classics and then some . whether it 's " stray cat strut " " gene and eddie " or " rumble in brighton " what you see and hear on this disc is flawless . must buy for all music fans , not just fans of the cats
software pos 692.txt my daughter loves sims so i got this to help her improve her spanish . it is fun to play for adults , too . the complete immersion method is more effective for learning a new language
books pos 814.txt this book started off very slowly for me . i got pretty tired of the gender bending deception - how could she be so stupid as to think he was stupid enough to believe his charade for that long in that close of company ? ? ? once the air was cleared , the book picked up speed and ended quite well . i give the book 4 stars because it did cause me to shed a few tears at one point . all in all , a very enjoyable read . past about the halfway point
software pos 114.txt i loved the experience , especially with the smart picks , smart templates , smart search , and smart rank . i recommend it to any user . very happy with the product ! thanks eisenworld , thanks alohabob
music neg 424.txt quality is poor . some songs are not playing . avoid buying @amazon
music neg 861.txt i was prepared to spend the original $26.05 list price for this motion picture soundtrack . at that price it was already the most expensive out of 12 cds ordered . i was refunded the money to " the last starfighter " due to an error listing . when i went to re-order , the new price is $49.95. what a joke ! someone is pocketing an incredibly high profit margin . i would love to have focussed my comments on the actual composition , but until it is sold at a fair price , i will reserve my rating
books pos 893.txt i believe this will be very helpful for christian people to understand who god is through the life
dvd neg 506.txt i live in colorado , one of the states that receives emergency funding because the illegal alien situation has gotten so out of hand . this movie is about a town called farmingville and the disruptions in their lives as they ( literally ) wake up to find mass groups of illegals outside of their neighborhoods . some live 20 to a house and have cars coming and going every day - ( imagine how that would bring down the resale value on a home ? ) the aliens surround the streets to hustle for work right out in the open . the video documents the two sides ( the ones who support , and oppose ) the situation . the side that opposes the intrusion into their lives painfully reveals their exasperation at their own city 's inability to instill order and law . as women who go to the neighborhood 7 / 11 are whistled at , they become nervous ( as a women offered in the video-unfortunetly it was not shown ) . the thick misogyny in the mexican aliens was especially disturbing ( example : a women who was with a special interest gruop to offer services to the illegal men was unsure whether they would listen to her , as in the mexican culture ) . some create groups in support , others create and claw for order . eventually a town meeting is called in which one of the women who runs the opposing group is called a rascist by her own politicians as he is flanked by two illegal aliens who nod in agreement . it is especially poignant to watch as this everday american women brings the situation to her counsil members . they call her a rascist , and many of the illegal aliens surround this politician in support.it was disturbing to see a foreign lawbreaker have more influence over our politicians than one law-abiding women and her attempts at trying to instill order in her own town . i do n't believe it portrayed the opposing townspeoples side very fairly . they had every right to be exasperated-our we not in a terror war ? since when does mexicos problems come before our own ? maybe because it was made by carlos sandaval it was more unobjective . i felt the film more unfairly depicted the opposing ( against illegal immigrants ) as ' mean ' rather than literally mindblown and aggravated their laws were n't being enforced ! when does the nations people not have a voice in their own country ?
software neg 830.txt does n't work on mac like it says that it does louses up your machine not worth i
camera neg 196.txt i purchased the 8 x 10 photo frame as a way to display photos at my wedding reception and planned to use it in my home thereafter . i was able to get the product running and to load a ' test ' set of pictures , but the product then ' froze ' at the startup screen . i checked the pacific digital support website , which provided steps ( basically , a sequence of buttons to hold down ) to ' unfreeze ' and reinitialize the unit . i tried this sequence several times , to no avail , and then called pacific digital customer service . after repeated messages left on a voice mail system ( " we 're sorry we missed your call - we 'll get back to you " ) at all times of the day and night , i was unable to contact anyone at the company and no calls were ever returned . long story short - our wedding came and went , the problem was never ( and will apparently never be ) resolved , and the digital photo frame is now a $390 paperweight . absolutely useless . my recommendation : do not purchase a pacific digital product . this is clearly a fly-by-night outfit
books neg 601.txt i must agree with my 1 star friend . this book does n't deliver . it spends all this time talking about things that we could grasp just by looking in the help section of the program . it goes over basic things several times and makes it sound very complicated when it is totally simple . this book is good for people who have alot of time to waste and money
camera neg 913.txt we just bought this camera to replace our minidv jvc-dvl500 that was bought in 2000. in short the picture taking ability is worthless and the quality is very grainy and dark . i applied the workaround listed above , but found that i had to set the frame rate to 1 / 15 in order to ge the brightness that i needed which caused a very jittery image . the quality of this camera is something that i would expect for $200 , needless to say i am returning this camera today
camera pos 842.txt this digital camera is awesome . i have no problem with the batteries . i made sure i put the good batteries in ( no cheap ones ) . i looked at purchasing a canon and a hp but the features it had on this one was outstanding and for the price . i purchased this camera with the 1gb card with it . i ca n't wait to start using it when i go to san diego in march.... . awesome digital camera..... . you wo n't be sorry on this purchase.. .
books neg 212.txt i bought this book for my ccnp recertification . i ran into a bunch of stuff on the exam that was not covered in this book or was in greater detail than was covered by this book . i used sybex books before on my original ccnp certification and i passed . if i try to recertify , it wo n't be with one of those books . i 'll use cisco press . live and learn .
camera pos 221.txt the camera handles very well - it 's light and drives my zoom lens and 18-55mm lens beautifully . i get professional photographs and can use it all day without suffering from heavy weight , which it does not have . the view finder is excellent and the readout on the back of the camera is extremely helpful , showing photos as they are taken - with zoom on the back screen , which immediately gives me the idea of the photo i want to use in my books . i say this is an outstanding lens and camera .
software neg 263.txt this software is useless . it is a slow and a system resource hog . you can download dozens of free apps that do a better job than this for free
health neg 267.txt this is a sad invention . instead of massaging , it vibrates and in no way " relieves stress " . besides this , it 's very low budget : first off , the label for a " thigh massage " , actually vibrates at you calves ( on the ottoman ) . where it is labeled " lumbar " , it actually massages your thighs . when you try the pre-designed massages ( " modes " ) , the chair vibrates very quickly at seemingly random spots . the whole thing is almost musical . whoever designed this chair should try a different profession . besides all this , the chair itself is fairly comfortable , and the heat is nice , although a little weak
camera pos 23.txt this is a great camera . plenty of resolution . excellent shot speed . sturdy frame . the kit lense does n't do the camera justice . buy the body separate and add a better lense . on the bad side , i had a small glitch with the camera 's firmware soon after purchase and had to return it for a fix . it was two months before the camera was returned . sorry , canon.. . you lose a star for that
camera neg 281.txt after a week of using this i find the motor noise that others talk about is nothing . mine is a refurbished model from tigerdirect , so maybe the motor was already fixed : - ) my mother in law has a camcorder that sounds like a blender . the zr 500 is ok in low light , but you can adjust the exposure manually to correct if it is n't to your liking . you can also adjust the focus too ! my friend who is a mini dv guru said that in this end of the consumer spectrum this camera is on par . i 've made two practice dvd 's ( with firewire , no problem at all ) with this camera and like what i see . for those of you that have bad motornoise : try your video software to edit the noise out . power director has that feature . i am happy with this product , but i would rather have a higher end model now that i have a bit more in my budget for a camcorder . a great camcorder for beginners !
books pos 789.txt there 's no much to say about this book . everything is already said . and it is still the best book in the field . well done , nancy ! ! ! sead malicevic , m
music pos 931.txt ...and if you 're fortunate enough to find it , i recommend buying the version with the bonus dvd , which chronicles the making of yellow brick road . when i bought it , it cost the same as the 2 sacd set without the dvd , so it was still a great deal . my only complaint- -and it 's really minor- -is that it would have been nice if they could have fit the original album onto a single sacd . a second disc could have included the bonus tracks that are included in this package , plus any extra- -maybe even audio-only interviews- -still remaining in the vaults . no matter . the important thing , if you are able , is to make sure you have an sacd-compatible player ( like the pioneer dv-563a , or one of the really expensive players if you 've got the cash and love audiophile formats in both your hardware and your cds ) . even if you do n't , the stereo cd layer still sounds truly excellent
health neg 773.txt i was hopeful that this little product would be up to the job but alas , i was wrong . it turns out this is a fragile , underpowered , ineffective tool . darn .
books neg 396.txt " ...minus several million for good thinking.. . " - zaphod beeblebrox , the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy the above quote ( and the score i 've assigned to this book ) are n't in reference to the text or the author , but to the publishers . why anyone with the brains of a sea urchin would cross professor hawking as they seem to have done is beyond me . briefly , save your money and buy the illustrated brief history of time instead of the theory of everything , even if you 're a compulsive hawking completist . alert readers should notice that hawking does n't hold the copyright for theory of everything , and attempted to block its publication . it was originally titled the cambridge lectures : life works , and appears to have been drawn from some recordings of lectures given by the professor years ago . ( see the professor 's web site for details . ) the " vanilla " ( i.e. , not the illustrated ) theory of everything consists of an introduction , seven lectures , and an index , without *any* illustrations or diagrams . out of curiosity , i compared a library copy of it with the illustrated brief history of time . unless otherwise noted , each of the 7 lectures corresponds to a chapter of the same name in brief history , in some segments only with slightly different paragraphing and punctuation ( and occasionally the kind of spelling errors that creep in when one transcribes audio narration to text , if i may speculate as to the cause ) . i do n't understand why anyone would prefer the less polished text of theory of everything to the illustrated brief history of time , which not only has updates for new areas of research , but has been revised and rearranged to explain things more gently to the layperson . " ideas about the universe " is essentially an extract from " our picture of the universe " , the first chapter of brief history , with about one sentence 's worth of drift per paragraph . brief history 's version of " the expanding universe " has a more gradual introduction to the methods of measuring distances to nearby stars , and explains technical terms that may be unfamiliar to the non-scientist , such as luminosity . theory of everything really shows its age in " black holes " when compared to brief history , as hawking has not been idle in that area over the years . the illustrated edition of brief history has had a fair bit of interesting material added to " black holes " , especially regarding cosmic censorship and naked singularities ( hawking having made a few *more* bets on the subject with preskill and thorne , although he paid off the cygnus x-1 wager ) . " black holes ai n't so black " lacks major blocks of clarification / explanation added by hawking to the version in brief history . brief history 's version of " the origin and fate of the universe " goes into more detail : about the kinds of particles that are predicted to have come out of the big bang , and what sort of results we 'd expect to see today if the predictions hold , and the scientists who first put forward these theories . brief history also contains a much longer version of the " open questions " section , leading more gradually up to the discussion of guth 's development of the inflationary model . " the direction of time " corresponds to brief history 's " the arrow of time " ( which is worth picking up just for the picture of the keeper of the u.s. cesium clock ) . brief history goes into more detailed examples to explain what hawking means by the psychological arrow of time , with the simplest kind of " computer " : an abacus . " the theory of everything " mainly corresponds to brief history 's more modestly titled " the unification of physics " , which is much more up to date ( string theories are still covered , but a lot more work has been done in that area over the years ) . the tail end of the lecture corresponds to the ending of brief history 's " conclusion " . - - in summary , this is interesting stuff , but the illustrated brief history of time does it better
music pos 799.txt i bought this cd yesterday and i immediatly knew it was going to rock ! after hearing the title track , go ! , i knew this cd was going to be different then the spice girls cds. it is better . my favorite songs are never be the same again , ga ga , and goin down .
health pos 93.txt i have had omord hr-100c for a few months now . i use it wile on my treadmill . it seems to take a wile before it starts to register the hart rate ; i think it is because the sending unit needs some moisture to make good contact with your skin . i did have some trouble with the unit when i first started using it ; i replaced the battery in the sending unit which solved the problem . the fact that the battery is user replaceable is one of the main reasons i picked the omord brand . the hr-100c is a bare bones unit and does a good job if you are looking for an inexpensive basic hart rate monitor
health neg 330.txt i have found that the ms-5700 to be very loud . the braun 8995 that i replaced it with is very quiet . the plastic chrome on the body gives it a very cheap feel , and look , it makes it hard to hold onto . i have found that the shaver dos n't give me a very close shave compared to the braun 8985 shaver . the solution tank for the cleaner seems to be not as user friendly as the braun 8985 that holds a cartridge that slips in and out to replace . as you have read i have replaced the ms-5700 already with the braun 8985 , and am very happy with the change . the braun also came with 3 cartridges for the cleaner unit , not just one bottle to pour into the cleaner .
music neg 244.txt if you are looking for boring , lifeless adult contemporary music , then this cd is for you . if you are looking for a great guitar cd , this is n't it . i had such high hopes for this cd after the robert johnson cds and the cream reunion , but all winning streaks must come to an end , and clapton 's comes to a screeching halt with this . of all the eric clapton cds that i like , this is n't one of them . i 'm glad clapton is now in a happy place ( and deservedly so ) , but this cd just does n't do it for me
music pos 294.txt one of his best times . all the songs on this cd are great he express his fellings very openly . with this cd people can really see who marc anthony really is
health neg 6.txt the best thing i can say about the test is it took 13 days to receive my results . the actual results varied greatly from those i received from my doctor 3 months prior : ( ... ) both tests were taken following a 12-hour fast . all instructions were followed . i find it hard to believe my cholesterol levels changed so drastically in 3 months . i contacted biosafe customer service . all representatives were busy on my first call so i left a message , which was not returned . i called again and was able to speak to someone right away . the customer service person was very pleasant and took a lot of time explaining how accurate their tests were and how results from different testing methods ( finger prick vs. blood drawn from arm ) will vary " slightly " . ( ... ) i question the accuracy of the biosafe results .
camera pos 770.txt thes item is gretes item i used befoer for these prise ! ! yes is true is very clear optics , you can see in total darknes about 350 m it 's agood rand , price and qulity .
camera neg 866.txt my primary camera is a sony hdr-fx1. i bought the gl-2 as a second unit for multiple camera angles at sporting events . the gl-2 is a respectable camera but in my opinion the video image does n't even come close to the sony . the price and rebate offer was the greatest incentive in my purchase of this camera . however , beware of the rebate offer . i sent all the documents in strict compliance with the terms of the rebate only to have it rejected . the rebate facilitator claimed i did not include the upc code . if i had it to do over , i would dig deeper into my wallet and buy a second sony
books pos 637.txt this a beautiful book . it is complete and definitive for reference to italian renaissance art. the photographs are clear and the information is concise . i used this for my graduate italian art history class . i am keeping this book and will not be selling it back
health neg 894.txt i purchased the product , used it for 2 days and it has not worked since . the compnay has yet to respond to my request for return , and amazon excepts no liabilty . needless to say i wasted money
software neg 99.txt crashes on every thing i try to do . i 've never seen such a poor excuse for a program . i paid 70 dollars for it and am now throwing it in the trash .
camera neg 796.txt this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks .
camera pos 573.txt my fuji e900 fits perfectly and also the battery charger and extra batteries . the front pocket for additional memory cards is a great idea . case goes on belt or on neck strap to accomodate personal taste . very nice and reasonably priced
camera pos 286.txt at a recent nye event , i shot a lot of photos in a concert setting without a flash and am very impressed with the sharpness & clarity of this lens performance . its so fast and the colors are vibrant . i am not a seasoned pro but with the 20d and this lens , it makes me look pretty close . i did shoot in manual and once i got my aperture & shutter speed dialed in , it pumped out a lot of great pics . i have also shot some pics of waterfalls ( slowing down my shutter speed to get that soft flowing image ) and portraits of people and again , it oozed excellence . the 135mm focal range is not as convenient as a zoom , but the quality of this prime lens makes up for any incovenience
dvd pos 819.txt they do't make musicals like this anymore . well , they do n't really make musicals anymore , do they ? they used to make them , made them well and they came out like " down argentine way . " the plot is just enough to keep your interest but the music is bright , costumes lavish and not a few laughts . the major players - betty grable and don ameche - are as engaging as usual.carmen miranda makes her us film debut and sings , dances and mispronounces her way to stardom . the 20th century fox role players appear ( charlotte greenwood , j . carrol naish , henry stephenson ) and add to the fun .
books neg 393.txt i did not enjoy this book at all because it was writen in a very distracting fashion . while it was unique , it was too hard to get into . i also really hated the story , it was also too confusing to follow , to strange to enjoy , and to boring to care . i totally hated this book and it was near torture and a waste of time to read . the only reason that i read this was because it was for my book club . the reivews , by the way , in the club were 50 / 50. some loved it , the rest of us hated it . there was no in-between . i would only recommend this book to someone who is into odd literature or to english majors , i 'm not sure who else would like it
camera neg 605.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat
books pos 827.txt this book is a five star book ! ! ! ! i love it so much ! ! ! partly becuase i like mystery / adventurous books and i would recommend this to all of the people who like mystery / adventure . it is a great book about a great family when everything goes wrong when janie jonhson decides she wants to drink milk and when she looks at the back for the kidnapped kid - she learns too much. .
books pos 159.txt this book shows in detail how much of the media has gone out of its way to attack the president and how many facts have been distorted in the process . it also provides a rare look at what the president really does with his time and how much effort he puts into his work . if you are looking for a book that labels president bush as a liar or a dummy , this is not the book for you . but it is a superb look at the events of the last year and a half , including the election of 2004. do n't be narrow-minded . i highly recommend it
camera pos 723.txt the camera fits perfectly . the case is very stylish . best of all , its pink
camera pos 720.txt this is a camcorder for the digital age . tiny , multi-functional , and flexible . no ancient-technology magnetic tape . as with any product on the leading edge , there are many shortcomings . let 's dispense with the obvious . this device is all about compact go-anywhere flexibility and ease . for best image quality , a dedicated mini-dv camcorder and dedicated digital still camera is the only way to go . in fact , buying a separate camcorder and still camera may likely be less expensive than the sanyo c6 while resulting in superior quality . overall image quality is best described as " ok " . the poor lens zoom and aperture is more befitting a $100 digital camera than a $400 device . the flash is weak and will not light many scenes that any other still camera would light . in addition , since the flash is not offset in any way from the lens , red-eye is virtually guaranteed at any range . this is not a problem with digital touch-up being common practice , but plan on touching up more often . low light conditions drag down image quality dramatically in video mode . virtually any digital camcorder at any price will outperform this sanyo in video mode in any situation , but a little day light goes a long way towards improving video quality with the xacti c6. also , to be clear , the video quality is still superior to anything seen in the best of analog camcorders . for all these negatives , the convenience can be truly revolutionary . one can wear the tiny vpc-c6 around the neck all day . this causes an amazing change in attitude towards video . since the sanyo is so compact , no one would think twice about bringing it along on any minor travel . being freed from the chore of " packing up " a camcorder means a corresponding willingness to bring the sanyo on so many more occasions , such as a visit to the park instead of just weddings and birthday parties . and whereas a mini-dv camcorder requires one hour to transfer one hour 's worth of video to your computer , the sanyo transfers video as fast as the sd card and usb 2.0 interface will allow . that means five minutes or less to transfer one hour 's worth of video to a computer . this ease increases willingess to create video and share video . no more procrastination over dragging out the camcorder wiring and the manual task of initiating video transfer to a computer . with the sanyo , just place the camera in the docking station and pictures and video files are available just like files on a usb flash drive . it is difficult to overestate the significance of this convenience . video becomes an everyday pleasure , if one so wishes , rather than a special occasion chore . if one values this convenience over absolute image quality , this is the product to own . this is a leading edge product . to get the most of this product , i highly recommend doing the following : 1 ) sanyo has provided an updated firmware on their website . this fixes a fatal flaw in the audio processing that some people have noted as excessive distortion - this update makes audio quality competitive with other camcorders . in addition , this firmware update adds compatability with 4gb sd cards ( the limit is 2gb without the update ) . kudos to sanyo for the continuing support . ( note that the instructions are a littled distorted in the translation - what they meant to write is that you need to push the set button to the left to enter the firmware update screen . ) 2 ) the video is in mp4 format and is playable only with quicktime . for windows users , this limits video editing to the included programs or quicktime-specific programs . there is an easy solution . first , download the divx codec ( a freeware commercial product ) or xvid codec ( a free open source product - my preference ) or ffdshow ( a free open source product ) - use your search engine of choice to find these . second , download a utility called " mp4cam2avi " ( a free open source software found easily with your search engine of choice ) . with these two programs , the video becomes compatable with any windows program , including just about any media player ( such as windows media player ) and any video editing tool ( such as windows movie maker ) . i look forward to seeing how this market segment evolves . the freedom from bulk and digital tedium is addicting and i am sure the image quality will continue to improve . for now , i am happy capturing the memories that would have otherwise been lost had i continued to own a conventional bulky tape-based camcorder
books pos 618.txt i liked the book but you also have to consider the end killer.. . is that logical at all ? ? the senator is in his late fifties and so how old is his father ? if he had the senator when he was twenty he 'd have to be 77. is it really reasonable that he 's running around killing people , and setting houses on fire . it was a very unlikely twist to the end . it still was a good book
dvd pos 782.txt there are two story lines here , one an unqualified celebration of the state of girls ' prep sports after a generation of title ix 's beneficial impact , and another the very qualified consideration of the state of some individual girls ' athletic lives after a generation of title ix 's less beneficial side-effects . heartbreak , fury , exultation are the viewer 's rewards . only quibble is that the climactic game was documented in too abbreviated a manner
software neg 147.txt i am in agreement with others here who indicate that 4.0 is a downgrade from 3.0. performance is very poor , especially the organizer . it 's depressing to see how fast alternative programs are , such as mac iphoto and even the canon software that came with my camera , compared to elements . recently , i 've been getting lots of crashes , though everything else on my system is completely stable . the only reason i gave it more than 1 star is it does have some nice functionality , when it works correctly
software neg 444.txt this is the worst company i have ever dealt with . they offer 30 day trial on this product , i was n't happy and mailed it back to them in 5 days of purchase and i 'm still waiting for the refund . i have called them 3 times , it has been almost 4 months now without a refund . i would never buy a nova product from this company again and i would recomend everyone going somewhere else to get good customer service
health neg 470.txt i do n't have a particularly large skull but these barely fit together on the bridge of my nose . i do n't see how the manufacturer can claim one size fits all ; as i said i do n't have a huge melon like mike myers 's brother in " so i married an axe murderer " . the idea / concept is great but...i 'll probably return them . unfortunate because i was really looking forward to using them . people with really big heads , caveat emptor
software pos 786.txt i have a new compaq pc - amd athlon 64 , 1 / 2-gig ram , 200+gb hdd - and nis-2005 came pre-installed . it worked and continues to work fine for me - and i am able to get all my updates regularly w / o any problems . however i am a single desktop user with normal needs - not a power user . that , and if you have a high-end pc - then this product should be quite adequat
health pos 736.txt this curling iron works well . it heats quickly and i 'm very satisfied
dvd neg 337.txt this movie isnt worth the time to read this review . it sucks and i 'm a big trinity fan . my advice is keep searchin
camera pos 671.txt i got this camera so i could have more control . i 'm learning to use the shutter and aperture settings...i have n't explored all the fancy settings much , but there are tons of them . i really like the continuous shooting option so i 'm more likely to catch a good action shot . the wide-angle lens has also allowed me to get some pretty cool shots and the macro settings work great for close-ups . i think it 's one of the best buys you can find if you want to take some pretty cool photos , but do n't feel quite ready for an slr
camera pos 730.txt my bother-in-law and i went to africa on safari last year . we had purchased the binoculars especially to use while hunting . the optics were good and we were initially impressed by the image stabilization while still here in the states . our impressions were confirmed when our professional hunters fell in love with them during the hunt . they were so impressed by the is and price that we left a pair with our hunter . he used them for the entire season last year , and when he visited " the states " last month , he reported that they are still doing well
dvd pos 677.txt with the flip of a coin , it 's home i go . ichi returns to the town he was raised as a child only to find that much has changed since he last left . a good film in the series i gave it five stars because i am bias and think that they all deserve five . this one was a strong introduction into ichi 's personal life along with the background of villians and lost ruffians with little or no way to reedeem their karma . of course the cane sword is revealed yet again which leads to some good gore . i thought this was an all around good story with lots of underlying plays on greed and deception , and above all , love , shame and guilt from ichi whom never seems to want to be bothered after it all goes down . much is lost to our friend ichi and he seems to just lose more .
health neg 103.txt this was a piece of junk . neither my husband nor i could ever get it set correctly - - we wound up throwing it away , going to target and buying one of their 10 , 000-steps pedometer . that works great
health pos 861.txt i have nothing bad to say . it gets hot enough . it was cheap . it seems well made . the cover is washable . it 's just what i was looking for
music pos 726.txt i cannot stop listening to the song i saved the world today . the cd is worth the price for this song alone . the whole cd is great though ... classic eurythmics that sounds as great today as their earlier work . annie lennox gets all the attention ... and she deserves every bit , but dave stewart certainly deserves as much . they make a great team and this cd should have been given much more attention in the usa . i hope they do n't take so long to do another one
health pos 550.txt excellent product . works well . only problem is that the container holding water could be bigger
health neg 863.txt the straightener works ok . it straightens my hair better when it is dry . i have very course hair . i still had to blow dry it to get it to straighten out , and go over it a few times to really make it straight . the remington is to thick , so you can not style the hair at all with it . the worst part about this particular straightener is when i leave it plugged in and have it shut off it keeps making a beeping sound ? ? i have to unplug it to make it stop . i just bought a chai straightner for about three times the cost of this , it is only 1 inch thick so it styles the hair very nice , but it straightens my hair the same as the remington . i have only had it a few weeks , so i am intrested to see if the chai causes less damage as it claims then other straighteners
software pos 363.txt an excellent item saved me lots of time and money
software pos 50.txt i have been running xp for a few days and so far so good . i was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98. my software is now obsolete ? yikes ! well , i 'm glad i upgraded . installation went smooth as silk and i have not experienced any problems at all . i had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . and for home edition versus pro , i think i can be quite happy with the home edition . i will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that i see so far with xp home is a relief . good features , good reliability . a very decent upgrade . i recommend it . four stars
dvd neg 881.txt i 'll give the leads the benefit of the doubt that they 're actually a lot better than this lame-o-flick deserves . kutcher and murphy are tom and sara , the mismatched couple that loves itself to pieces in this story which strains for laughs . after a whirlwind romance , sara introduces tom to her tony beverly hills family . they marry and the rest ( much like their marriage ) is quickly history . things go bad from the wedding night ( bloody noses , no sex ) and only get worse . after tom nearly burns down the french chalet that sara booked them into ( after a fatal misunderstanding involving voltage differences in europe and an electric sex-toy ) , and compounds problems by taking them to the worst hotel in venice ( cockroaches , dust and no sex ) , our heroes quickly realize that they are on the honeymoon-from-hell . at first they gamely make a go of it , not realizing that they 're only saving their tension for the perfect moment . " just married " was a simple idea for a flick . people have been laughing at marriage for years . maybe that 's why the jokes seem forced - the sex-toy fiasco painfully illustrates how far the script will go to get a laugh , and we get that one early on . every joke is actually half of a joke about sara and tom ca n't have sex , climaxing ( really , no pun intended - i mean it ! ) when sara tricks custom 's inspectors into giving her hated hubby a full-rectal exam ( cut to the scene of tom walking bow-legged onto the plane ; obviously he 's the victim , but in the perverse logic of this unsexual non-comedy , you 've got to wonder whether tom is actually the victor - he at least got some . ) the script ca n't get past a monumental plot gap : tom and sara really do n't have anything in common - you 'd think they 'd have learnt and gotten past their foibles while they dated , but the story skips past much of that . tom 's the hero , but he 's an idiot - the script makes him out as the ugly american , an utterly dated cliche ( he 's surprised that nobody in europe watches american baseball ; he 's the kind of idiot who uses " american " instead of " english " when referring to language - as in " why is n't there a sign in american warning against using us voltage sex-toys in france ? " the laughs are far and few in between - the best ones involve cars ( both the ridiculous sub-compact they rent in france , and the dodge barracuda ( at least i think it 's a ` cuda ) that tom drives - a monster which was probably meant to remind us about " that 70 's show " but which looks like a prop from the " phantasm " movies . if ever there was a flick that needed help from " the tall man " , this is it
camera neg 740.txt i got to the tip of alaska , and none of the four batteries worked no power ! i missed getting a day of once in a life time pictures . david highe
dvd pos 582.txt charles laughton is typically wonderful in his broadly-played role as england 's king , henry the eigth , who infamously married six different queens , divorcing or executing them as circumstances warranted . the script to this magnificent alexander korda production is a witty jab at english history buffs , touching only briefly on the supposed treachery of ann boleyn , concentrating instead on the preposterous emotional life of the lusty , capacious king . laughton , as ever , is a marvel , skillfully presenting henry at first as a thinly-cariacatured lout , and gracefully embuing him with gradual shades of pathos and humanity . viewers who look to this film as historical drama are clearly missing the point : this is all about the cleverly-rendered script , which turns british schoolboy lessons on their heads , and on the classy ensemble acting , which admittedly may be hard to focus on with the lamentable quality of the current print ( i 'm writing in the year 2003 ; perhaps criterion or some other class-act movie restoration company can correct this problem soon ) . still , fans of early british cinema will enjoy this film a lot
books neg 577.txt i got really disapointed when i received and read this book . it provides advanced techniques that a regular woodworker would never use . the parts that woodworkers use the most are vague . i 'm not intereset in making violins or boats . i need techniques to bend wood , to use joints for curved surfaces , to build equipment and fixtures to bend wood and so on . this book lacks of the practical guidelines to do so
software neg 310.txt other than the substandard security ; the endless hours you will spend trying to clean out spyware , protecting against viruses , etc. ; and the fact that microsoft has built in it 's own spyware to notify them when you are connected to the internet , it 's pretty good . it is a good evolution of their graphical interface and quite intuitive . if you are concerned about your ability or willingness to protect yourself against malicious attack from internet scumbags , buy a mac . as you face the upgrade to ms vista , you 're going to need to upgrade your cpu , so you are essentially at a crossroads . good luck
books pos 567.txt americans who ca n't name five poets will name allen ginsberg . in this case , that is good since he was one of america 's greatest poets . this book attest to this . i write this review to show disappointment in the publisher who continues to publish the collected works on the cheapest paper next to newsprint . for the next edition , i would like to see , at least in limited edition , a volume printed on quality paper which could last more than a few years before turning yellow . ginsbergs deserves better treatment
music neg 668.txt i am a hater , to the core . i hate puffy and thats all it is to it . now there , you do n't have to say it.so on to the review . first off every lyrical line puffy spit in this album was outdone by everybody . every track he had the weakest flow and the worst rhymes . and thats the truth . i do n't know how true this is , but i heard loon was behind most of puffy 's lines on this album . so that should explain the utter wackness in his lyrics . the truth is i do n't care who writes his lines . it could be tupac and nas doin it , since its not them spittin it , then it actually takes away from the rhymes itself . almost this entire album is filler . the best tracks is real n**** and journey through my life . i really did n't feel that beat a whole lot but nas and beanie 's verses was off the hook . however that is not enough for me to give this album more than one star . now i love mc lyte and public enemy , but they should get smacked in the back of they heads with crowbars for lettin him mutilate their classics . thats not musical artistry , thats butcher work . fake thug dedication really gets under my skin . the title alone . no disrespect to biggie as an artist cause i do like him still . but they put a diss on tupac on life after death after he died , then denied it for years . so perhaps the fake thug dedication should be to him , cause thats some sucker s***. i did n't hear his latest album , i 'm not going to review it , i did n't even visit that section . if you a fan of this guy , then you gon cop this and his new one regardless . if you like me and hate just about everything he puts out , you wo n't be caught within a mile of that s***
music neg 590.txt first , here are some general positives about jaci velasquez : - she is a very gifted singer . her vocal range is top-notch - definitely on par with mariah carey and christina aguilera . - she is beautiful . and unlike a previous reviewer , i do not consider the recognition of this attribute to be a sign of shallowness but rather a display of appreciation for feminine beauty . i like beautiful singing voices . i like beautiful women . there 's no difference . - she has great spiritual depth . her music reflects key spiritual themes such as love , faith and joy . now , here 's a critique of the cd : i listened to all the music samples ( as you can do as well ) and only one song caught my attention - " lay it down " . the other tracks have too much of a hard rock sound and were too experimental for my taste . but the song " lay it down " was different . it sounded more acoustic , more in the style of folk rock - a genre that reflects my personal preference in pop music . i found the sound clip of " lay it down " to be intriguing because it reminded me of a hit song in the 1970 's - eric carmen 's " all by myself " , later covered by celine dion in 1996. " all by myself " is a ballad having a soft , understated introductory verse with an explosive chorus . the sample clip of " lay it down " appears to be in the same mold . it has a soft , understated introductory verse ; however , it seems to lack an explosive chorus . listen to the sample and hear it for yourself . the introductory verse is closing with the following lyrics : " all of my hopes and my dreams and my best laid plans are slowly slipping through my folded hands " so far , so good . there 's only a piano and a violin accompanying jaci 's soft vocals . next , the song appears to be moving from the verse to the chorus and you hear the following lyrics : " so i 'm gonna lay it down i 'm gonna learn to trust you now " now here 's a problem . i am expecting to hear the beginning of an emotional outburst - an opportunity for a singer with the pipes of jaci velasquez to showcase her voice . but it is not forthcoming . why ? this intrigued me and i wanted to hear the whole song but i did not want to purchase a cd for only one song . luckily , i discovered that a compilation cd of jaci velasquez 's best songs was released recently and it contained " lay it down " . great ! i bought the cd - " on my knees : the best of jaci velasquez " . this is what i discovered after listening to " lay it down " . - the first time through the verse and the chorus , the song is definitely understated . we simply have the accompaninment of a piano and a violin with jaci 's soft vocals . - the second time through the verse and the chorus , a drum beat is introduced and jaci begins to let some emotion out beginning in the middle of the verse and when the song moves into the chorus a complete emotional outburst occurs . but somewhat to my dismay , this is not the same voice that i am expecting from jaci velasquez . her voice was more raspy and raw ( actually , it was sounding more like demi moore or tara reid , not that that is necessarily bad ) . furthermore , she appeared to be struggling . is this the same voice that was soaring effortlessly through the stratosphere on songs such as " on my knees " , " speak for me " , and " adore " ? is jaci velasquez losing her voice ? i do n't know but i find it very difficult to imagine that a young woman in her mid-20 's is losing her voice . she is entering her prime . barring a health issue , this just does n't happen . " lay it down " is actually a pretty good song . in fact , i am almost of the opinion that it may be her best . i certainly find myself listening to this song more than any of her others . " lay it down " has the same message as the beatles ' classic " let it be " . the words are different but both songs share the same sentiment . actually , now that i think of it...they do share a couple of words in common...the words " let it be " . here are the closing lyrics : " i 'm gonna let it be , i 'm gonna let it go i 'm gonna lay it down " the essential lesson being conveyed is learning to " let go and let god " - a profound spiritual insight . something that each of us here is learning . this song is heartfelt and gut-wrenching . and though her voice is struggling through it , the song , nevertheless , works out its magic . i gave this cd 2 stars because i think jaci velasquez is attempting to redefine her music style and has not succeeded . interestingly enough , her best sound was her first cd - un lugar celestial ( a heavenly place ) . bring back the spanish / flamenco guitar and develop a more acoustic sound . in my opinion , the acoustic sound is more spiritual . keep the piano and electric bass guitar but dispense with the hard rock electric guitar and synthesized sound effects . develop a latin folk rock sound with an element of jazz . hire a good saxophonist or a trumpet player . emphasize ballads . that should do the trick
dvd neg 536.txt an incredibly bad film , whose only redeeming feature is lana clarkson , in ( and out of ) some skimpy outfits . she 's completely gorgeous , but even she ca n't save a disaster of a film . buy deathstalker instead
dvd neg 861.txt neither my husband or i could get into the movie . i dont think i would ever watch this film again . it was not what it was made out to be
dvd pos 953.txt i 'm pretty new to the yoga experience . i started with a kathy smith dvd ( hated it ! ) then i got a yoga zone video - - the one for flexibility and toning and i found it to be very good . i then got another video - - yoga shakti which is excellent too and i was looking for another beginner video ( the yoga shakti one has some advanced parts in it ) so i bought yoga zone - - introduction to yoga . while some of the moves in it are on my first video , i still found this to be very good for beginners . alan again teaches you the breathing technique - - which i often forget . i noticed on another review someone complained about the slowness of it . yes , it does move slow however if you 're a beginner and you 're just learning the poses , the last thing you would want is for it to move fast . he takes the time to explain each pose and how it should feel when you 're doing it . his voice is very soothing and puts me in a calm frame of mind . i honestly have to say that if i did not originally buy a yoga zone dvd , i more than likely would not have pursued the practice . i think that yoga zone is what has gotten me more into it and wanting to practice more and learn more . i highly suggest this dvd to any beginner yoga-lite out there
health pos 55.txt this book is beautiful outside , i love the lace up binding and place for picture on the front . what i do not like is how there is no specific places to write in , you just have to use your imagination as to how to word and to position things on each page..too much like scrapbooking for me , i wanted a book with blank lines and spots to write in..for example one blank page will say , " all about mom " then another that says " baby shower " etc..but the pages are blank . i need more structure
dvd neg 816.txt two of the worst stories in the history of tos , but for different reasons . the ' way to eden ' makes the mistake of trying to be trendy , and so dates badly . what the real problem is though is that it makes the enterprise crew seem to be the disapproving establishment , especially of all people captain kirk . ' requiem for methuselah ' is at heart a reasonable story with the assertion that one man could be responsible for the work of da vinci , brahms and others . what it completely fails to do is have any appreciation for kirk 's relationships with women . threre is no way any woman would have kirk obsessed to the point he would fight for her , he is far to full of his own importance for that . this effectively trashes any credibility that the story would have had because this is the crux of the whole episode . a real pity
music neg 219.txt that this great music sounds so awful on this cd . i wanted an introduction to kate bush 's music , and this cd seemed a very good way to start . when i put it on , i could n't believe how muffled and dull it sounded . i could swear i 'm listening to the music through a wall of cotton . i went to the existing reviews here on amazon , and , sure enough , ferrara brain pan 's spot-on review stated exactly what i was feeling upon listening to these recordings . it is inexcusable that an artist of bush 's stature is represented in such poor technical fashion - and a shame , considering how good the songs are . another little beef is that the cd clocks in at under 49 minutes - in other words , there 's room for 30 more minutes of music , which i 'm certain could have been well-used , considering the vastness of her catalogue . i will be looking for the remastered individual albums , but if i did n't know how good kate bush was outside of the context provided by this butchered collection , i would n't bother buying any more of her material . shame on emi for allowing this . i give it two stars ( instead of one ) simply because the music is so very good
camera pos 551.txt your site was the only place where could find a replacement for my lost nikon uc-e6 usb cable for my nikon coolpix 3100. even nikon could not satisfy my request . thank you cynthia valesi
music neg 817.txt i did n't really feel like some of the songs were really love songs . a lot of these songs i had not even heard before .
software pos 166.txt this package is very complete and easy to use . took just a few minutes to be drawing house layouts , et . a lot of the tools are intuitive and simple
camera pos 285.txt despite reading glowing reviews about this lens , i was still surprised to see how well it performed . the lens is so sharp you can get very good cropped pictures of running athletes , from a distance of three quarters of a football field away , shooting hand held , with late afternoon light , which will print a 5x7 and still look like a pro took them ! if you want a tack sharp lens for indoor sports pictures and ca n't afford , or otherwise do not want another long lens for outdoor sports pictures , then you should give this lens your serious consideration .
health pos 929.txt this product perfrorms as expected , and very easy to clean with almost not maintenance . it also has an adjust dial for the humidity , which gives you some control . love the machin
camera neg 243.txt i made the mistake of ordering this camera to substitute buying a pro camera . the color and noise was terrible . if you want a great point and shoot camera get the canon powershot s50 while they are still available . the camera has pro features , it was so good they stopped making it because it should have been in the pro camera line at a much higher price tag . if you want to see s50 pictures go to [...] and search my gallery cathreen styles . all most all of the pictures in the gallery were taken with the s50. i am going to buy another just to have when mine breaks . by the way , i did end up buy a pro camera , mainly because of the look . i got the canon 30d and love it
music pos 55.txt call it american folk , call it alt.country , call it what you like , but if you heard this aussie trio on cbs or npr earlier this week , suffice to say their in a category all their own . love that harmonica . up all night by the waifs is appropriately titled . i 'll be up all night listening to it
camera neg 258.txt no eye piece cover - you put your eye on a hard surface hard to focus hard to find objects i lost a pair similar to these that were much better
camera neg 127.txt to customer before me , you camera d200 might be on recall . please check the nikon website for more info . you have described the exact recall problem . good luck ! btw , have you tried or someone tried this battery on a d70 ? i am thinking to consolidate and have all greys batteries rather than black for the d70 and grays from the d200.
music neg 349.txt ...when you 're gearing up for suicide . this whole album sounds like the last thoughts and comments of a person who 's going to just end it all . i found myself suffering nightmares , fatigue , misery and paranoia . my ears unclogged but i started getting headaches and a fuzzy feel in my head . this is not a good album for the stressed , because it will just make you feel worse . i find this album unlikable and mostly unenjoyable . when i first listened to it it sounded inaccessable , after listening to it more and more i started to get more " into " it , but i ca n't say i found it a good place to be in . it 's a somewhat interesting album , but it mostly just dragged me down , made me nervous , numb and hurt my head . people say this is great music . let them say what they want . give me some old fashioned enjoyable music that does n't make a pest of itself . kid a is just ok to me , and has n't been worth all the effort to " get into " . this almost seems like a sadomasochistic album to spank the listeners . i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something , but to hear some " weird " music like this that has miles more heart and is alot kinder to the ears , try " passengers " by u2. and thom york sings like a muppet on this album . by the way i 've enjoyed radiohead 's first three albums quite a bit ( including pablo honey - - why are people always busting its chops ) .
software neg 56.txt this computer system , although almost universally accepted , can be beaten in quality and flexibility by an operating system that can be downloaded for free , such as the fedora project ( a distribution of linux , a os which can be changed by anyone for free ) , or bought from software company supporting these open source project with unlimited customer support for around 50 ( $90 ) or less
camera neg 888.txt the nikon camera s3 is a good camera but the camera takes to long to take a picture i dont like it because when i am at a party i want to take a fast picture . it sucks and i wish i never bought it dont make the same error i did and waist my money on the piece of junk .
health neg 560.txt if you 're just mixing non-gas-forming drink mixes , this thing works acceptably well , but if you 're mixing something like " ionic fizz " magnesium drink that fizzes up a bit , it 's not very useful because it just does n't form a very good seal , no matter how tightly you close it . as another reviewer mentioned , it 's very easy to cross-thread the lid . thicker threads and deeper threads would probably help . it is great for sipping though , and easy enough to keep clean . but i went back to using a plastic 16-oz milk bottle that always forms a tight seal when you close it . the seal on this bottle is too flaky because it 's difficult to tell if you 've cross-threaded it until you start shaking it . i 'd have expected a bottle designed for shaking and mixing drinks would have paid a little more attention to the problems this has . i do n't use this any more , because it 's too annoying to worry about the seal and the cross-threading . do n't waste your money on it .
books pos 246.txt lee smolin is a very deep thinker and original physics theorist , ready if needs be , to question cherished assumptions . one is humbled at how fertile his mind is and how he is familiar with the ideas and the research of so many people the book is mainly an account of his misgivings about string theory , where he initially states , as he sees it , the five big problems in physics . in this context , he makes the very important point that since the end of the 1970 's there has not been a single breakthrough in our understanding of elementary particle physics and , in particular , he claims string theory does not achieve such a breakthrough . in making his case against string theory he discusses what string theory has given and shows how it appeared to offer a solution to some of the problems of theoretical physics . but then he builds up his case against the theory . he says that string theory does not reproduce the standard model , probably the most successful theory in physics , but even predicts particles not seen in nature . it did not predict and does not cater for dark energy , nor does it make new precise and falsifiable predictions . in particular he says string theory does not offer a solution to the foundational problems of quantum mechanics . he also notes that here is no complete formulation for string theory . he shows though how the five versions of string theory could be unified if membranes rather than strings were assumed , but notes that this theory , m theory , still remains a tantalizing conjecture . he says hopes for a unique string theory have receded . this reviewer would not dare to comment on his assertions but will say that any assertions he makes , are based on a very thorough knowledge of modern theoretical physics and merit the full consideration and respect of the reader . indeed new ideas are needed in physics as lee smolin says . we are missing something big . there is a feeling though that we are on the verge of that big breakthrough - that something just beyond our understanding at the moment will surface through the ` murk ' into our consciousness and revolutionize our knowledge of nature . the clues are there . to do this , lee rightly says that the sort of people who see through universal assumptions and ask new questions are needed . he also says that progress sometimes requires deep philosophical thinking but sometimes does not . and whether it is ` lateral ' thinking or a breakthrough revolution in ` conceptual ' thinking , new thinking is definitely required . lee concludes his book saying that what he intends to do is just that . he chooses to start with a paper of his on the relationship between quantum and thermal fluctuation . a good choice perhaps . i strongly recommend that anybody who is interested in physics and the current problems and mysteries in the area to immediately buy this book , if they have not already done so .
health pos 26.txt my physician introduced me to this item . he said very accurate when compaired to the water and pinching methods . is affordable and easy to use . oh , did i forget to mention , accurate compaired to a scale model i own . amazon is great to order from , the online ordering was easy and the product arrived in 5 days !
music pos 849.txt if you want some classical music to sleep to , do n't buy this cd . if you want some high energy symphonies , however , i highly recommend it . from bach to vivaldi , the pure energy of this cd will give you a new understanding of the joys of classical music . just do n't listen to track 25 , because i have no idea why john philip sousa is included with tchaichovsky
camera neg 546.txt the battery does not hold up . after 10 months it would not work at all . i thought it was the battery . emailed support and was told the battery is not replaceable . i found one and changed it out myself . the unit was just dead . warranty is 60 days . will not buy another one
camera neg 804.txt it arrived broken with the stand missing . i have been waiting to replace it at a local discovery store
dvd neg 353.txt i was expecting more because of the history on these tapes / dvd's . this one was disappointing as you do n't feel like you did a workout . i like the older ones better with tammy
music pos 295.txt the earlier reviews pretty much said it all ; this is pretty much one of the best and most overlooked bands from the 90s . swervedriver is lumped into the shoegazer category often , however , if that label scares you off then dismiss its application to this band , because they are n't so much shoegazer - in that cough-syrup-dreamy-noise way - as they are sonic rock . yes , rock . who knew it could still be done , and believe me , they do it well , and uniquely . if you 've listened to swervedriver before , then tehre is n't too much more to say - buy this album . it 's not as hi-fi as 99th dream or mezcal head ( in my opinion their best album and one of the best of 90s decade ) , but not as fast or dirty as raise . now , if you have never listened to swervedriver , this might not be the best album to start with - it all depends on your tastes . personally , i would suggest starting with 99th dream or mezcal head ; either way , this has all the qualities of every swervedriver album - great lyrics , superb and unique songs , and that urge for more when it 's over . sadly , this band was vastly ill-treated by labels and they are no longer together ( however , some vestiges exist in the form of toshack highway ) . but if you want to see what you missed in the 90s - even more so , if you want to see what the best of the best from that decade truly was - swervedriver is a must
dvd neg 615.txt this movie was a sleeper not in the sense that it was a pleasnt surprise but rather it in fact put me to sleep . i have 3 suggestions 1 avoid 2 avoid 3 pay close attention to suggestions 1&
camera neg 135.txt ok , i imagine if you forked over the $900 for this baby you would not want me telling you that you got a bad deal , but i am going to say it anyway . this little baby is way over priced , not to mention you need a lot more than just this to make it work . you need a wireless router ! ! so rather than just complain , let me tell you what i want canon to do about it and maybe we can start a revolution ! with cf cards in the 12gb range it does n't make sense that you would need this for capacity reasons ( i know those of you with the biggest and brightes 16mp that shoot in jpeg & raw on the highest settings just laughed at me ) , however where this item is worth it is if you want to immediately see your shots on a big screen or computer without having to take the shot , take out the card , etc. what i want is a bluetooth compact flash card . they make these so i know it is possible . i would like canon to offer support for these compact flash cards so that i can immediately sync my bluetooth computer with my bluetooth camera . now that would make it so that when i am in the studio or shooting a wedding , i have the mobility 30 feet - 90 feet depending on card and i do n't have to drag along a wireless router and i saved myself $700. get to it canon - i am waiting ! ! !
health neg 716.txt out of the box did n't work . would not have givin it a 1 star review if there was a zero . now its time to play the refund game .
music pos 117.txt what a beautiful album ! one of the rare albums that has no fillers or weaker cuts . i 'd call it a classic but that makes it sound dusty . these songs could come out in 20 years and still sound fresh .
books pos 413.txt a great great novel ! catches you from the beginning and does n't let go . you become obsessed and engrossed . collins has the most gorgeous way of writing....drawing you in . and his descriptive ability is astounding
dvd pos 324.txt flight from death is a " must see " documentary . i saw it three times since i 've received the dvd last week and each time i discover new aspects . images are beautiful and the commentary ( narrated by gabriel byrne ) is just outstanding . before seeing it , i was a little bit anxious to see how they can translate in a documentary the rather complex thought of ernest becker . as a reader of becker 's books for many years i can tell that patrick sean and greg bennick had done a fantastic job . each important parts of becker 's understanding of the impact of death anxiety on human behavior are explored and very well explained . i understand now why this documentary won seven prizes . please do not hesitate to buy this dvd you wo n't regret it !
camera neg 560.txt here is the short version . oct05 i bought a fujifilm finepix f460 digital camera for $299.99. nov06 camera stopped working correctly - snapshots have alternating bright / dark horizonal strips across them . jan07 i sent the camera in to fujifilm 's service center for repair stating that the camera was always handled with care and that a ~$300 camera should work for more than just 1 month after its warranty expires . jan07 the service center sent me a repair estimate for $70.00 + tax and shipping totaling $85.95 ( i spent $16.52 to send it to them so my total expense would have been $102.47 for the repair if i accepted ) . feb07 i contacted the service center and stated that i think they should stand behind their product and fix the camera once they verify the malfunction was not caused by user abuse . and that i do n't think that it makes sense for me to pay $100 to repair a $300 camera that stopped working only 1 month after the warranty expired . the service rep , named christina , asked me to fax her a copy of the original reciept and she would see what she could do . i complied . mar07 fujifilm returned the camera to me unrepaired with a note saying that i did not reply to the estimate . now i will now send them the camera and its memory card and a printout of this review asking them to refund the cost of the camera , its memory card , and the shipping i paid .
health pos 448.txt i bought this for my wife when her sonicare died . she loves it . great price . she did n't want the better one and is very happy with it . her teeth look great and she likes the way they feel after brushing
music pos 871.txt i have been into vaisnava spirituality a long time , and they really got it , perfect and professional
music pos 332.txt if you would have told me last year that i would own an album of piano solos i probably would have laughed in your face . while i enjoy several kinds of music , most of my favorites are in the classic rock and alternative genres . the reason i bought this is my wife and i are having a baby in december and our birthing class instructor played and reccomended brickman as a popular choice for relaxation music and her personal favorite . i bought & quot ; no words&quot ; and & quot ; simple things&quot ; mainly for their absence of singing and something to play while she is in labor . i have been listening to them nearly every night since we received them while browsing the internet or doing chores around the house . it really is amazing music that is very calming and relaxing . he definitely pours everything he has into his piano and the accompanying instruments and background is fabulous . everything everyone else has stated in their reviews is right on as well . i would definitely reccomend not only this cd but jim brickman in general if you are looking for a nice relaxing getaway
books neg 423.txt i think its not wise to refer to only one source here is one of the testmonies : " i was born in israel ( palestine then ) to a well-known jewish religious family . we are living in israel for many generations ; well before the zionists infiltrated the middle east . jews and moslems always lived in peace in palestine until the zionists came from europe , massacred the palestinians ( dir yassin , etc. ) and forced them to run away from their lands and get locked into the refugee camps across the borders for almost three generations . studying in a jewish religious school in tel aviv , i was taught that the ' bad arabs ' conducted pogroms all over palestine killing jews . my family told me the opposite : we lived in palestine in peace for generations with our moslem brothers . when the zionists started their pogroms ( dir yassin ) , the moslem acted in revenge and started their own pogroms , killing jews . however , our moslem friends actually saved the lives of our family by hiding us in their own houses at a risk to their own lives . " http : / / www.rense.com / general54 / thank.htm you can make your search with many of the anti-zionism jewish organization all over the world .
health pos 255.txt i 've owned several norelco shavers in the past but the 7180xl is definitely the best . this shaver is extremely light weight , quiet and gives an extremely close / smooth shave . i find that i get 5 days of shaves on one full charge and a full charge takes about 50 minutes to complete . the shaver is also easy to clean using either wet or dry methods . the only complaint i have about the shaver is that no traveling case / pouch holder comes with it to hold the cord , shaver and cleaning brush . just make sure you keep your old case holder from your previously owned shaver ( s ) . only time will tell on how this model will hold up . my 4 previous norelcos have averaged around 5-6 years each
camera pos 580.txt very clear pictures , very happy with this camera . note that it has only the lcd screen and no viewfinder , but this has n't been a problem for me as it 's pretty easy to use
books neg 679.txt i 've seen much better photos / articles on dylan and would not suggest this particular work . i will be selling my copy in the used section .
software neg 427.txt i paid top dollar for ps7 and thought it was time to upgrade to cs2. after i installed cs2 i discovered that i could not crop any photo without having my pc crash . every time it crashed i looked at the defrag utility and i had fragmented files all over the place . then i defraged the hard drive and went back to cs2 and tried to crop the same photo again . again , my pc hung up and was unresponsive and the defrag utility said i had to defrag . the only thing i did was to crop one photo in cs2 , and that was enough to make it necessary to defrag again . i uninstalled this piece of garbage from my pc . it does not work , and i do n't care what deke mcclelland says and i do n't believe what he says , either . save your money . these rip-off artists at adobe are nothing but thieves . yeah , they ripped me off for $153 but you know what ? at least i have my integrity , and that 's more than you got , deke baby .
dvd neg 962.txt i enjoyed the first saw and kinda like the second but this has got to stop no more of the cruel heartless [...].first it was people who did n't appreciate life now it any old hasbeen or no name d talented actor .i am willing to watch another saw movie only if paris hilton , nicole richie and lindsay lohan are attach large boulder and drop in some in super deep quick sand
health neg 683.txt this shaver holds a great charge and you can use it in the shower , but that 's about it . the shave is n't very close , and it takes a long time to shave . to do your underarms is somewhat painful with the pulling of the razor
health neg 460.txt a big disappointment.after filling with hot water as instructed the water temp cooled off immediately regardless of the " warmer " as advertized.it was too shallow to cover the feet if massage attachments were in place.i returned it for a refund
software pos 177.txt this is the easiest way i 've ever been able to make cd's . it realy makes photo cd 's easy and produces a great product . a group of frinds and us just got back from mexico and i put all of everyones photos in separate files on a cd . the automatic slide show goes through the differ n't files as if they were just one file with no seperation , but the pictures are still separated in each person 's file for ease when printing and so forth . it 's great , wish i would have had this years ago
books neg 584.txt i am a big fan of the missing manual series . previous books have given me lots of insights into my installed software and have made my computing time much more efficient . i therefore approached this book with much enthusiasm . office is such a gargantuan program , with tons of bells and whistles , that microsoft itself estimates that most users take advantage of less than a third of its capabilities . however , the book is a major disappointment , because of its many mistakes and poor organization . most of the mistakes are ones you can work around- -for example , on page 8 the topics covered by appendixes a and b are reversed- -but the sheer number of such mistakes makes reading the book a major distraction . every few pages i find myself going to the missing manuals web site to report yet more errata , such as incomplete or wrong instructions , figures that do not agree with the text or figure captions , incomprehensible writing , seeming confusion between the mac and pc versions of the program , etc. and i agree wholeheartedly with a previous reviewer who complained about the inadequate index . it looks as though o'reilly publishers did not do an adequate proofing of the book , but instead rushed it out as soon as possible . that is too bad , because i will now be much more hesitant to purchase another missing manuals title
software pos 460.txt i am a computer repair tech and i can bet 90% of the problems reported in these reviews for this product is because people double install security programs . you should never install more than 1 antivirus program into your os . most of the decriptions of problems are from doing just that , double installs . please please ..remove / uninstall any previous antivirus programs and 3rd party firewalls . then reboot..use a good registry cleaner-freeware program like ccleaner to remove leftover registry keys , then reboot again and then and only then install your new antivirus / security program . i have this program and when installed properly on a cleaned system , it works great . a very good product at a very good price . i ca n't comment on it 's tech support , i have never used it
health pos 864.txt while some of larabars have a thick grainy-nut texture , this particular product is very smooth and almost tastes like chocolate candy . for those of us who ca n't eat real candy because of allergies , this one is a winner ! it almost tastes like a soft girl scout thin mint cookie
software pos 905.txt i 'm not going to cover the technical drawbacks of this software except to briefly mention that you should look over other reviews before you buy . however , despite annoying design features , this is quite an amazing piece of software ! i would certainly rate it a 5+ if there were n't some design shortcomings and undocumented features ; ) for starters , the educational intent of this software was well thought out . young people will certainly learn a lot about chess through using this program and they will have tremendous fun doing it ! the game teaches fairly advanced concepts in very clever and engaging ways for children of all ages and even adults . the graphics and characters are great . the explanations of principles are sound and they are reinforced through fun chess exercises . the program encourages young chess players and at the same time challenges them to improve . the product description above covers the scope of the concepts covered in detail and i found this description to be accurate so i wo n't repeat it . i spent about 2 hours with a 9 year old playing the game and i had a lot of fun ! i did n't find that this program was especially difficult to use and my young friend was able to figure it out intuitively . he also found it difficult to pull himself away and so did i . this definitely an activity you can enjoy along with your children . the overall concept for this teaching tool is interesting because it involves three layers of play . there is the overall game of rescuing the king who is trapped in the castle which is used as a tool to motivate the player to learn new chess skills that allow them to progress in this higher order game . embedded within this larger framework are a number of clever chess teaching games where you can record high scores and learn various skills . these can be selected from within an animated room , which gives the player some freedom of choice . additionally , there are other fun games that are not necessarily related to chess , but that allow the player to relax their chess concentration and refresh themselves for tackling more difficult chess skills challenges . i also think it 's good that kids could join [...] for a year and play against others as part of the purchase price . this gives them an arena to apply their chess knowledge and is a good community that is always available . there are other online chess communities that are free , but i still think this is a nice added bonus . i do n't think any parent could go wrong purchasing this software for their child . it 's good for hundreds or even thousands of hours of entertainment and its powered by an excellent chess engine . however , you ca n't play a game of chess against the computer with it . it is only a teaching tool . however , you can buy fritz grandmaster software for about [...] which does have this capability at a very low price point compared to other products of comparable playing ability . i 've heard criticisms of fritz 9 and my understanding is the extra cost does not add a lot of value . in fact , at this point there seems to be some bugs with fritz 9. if you purchase this product , you wo n't be disappointed . i wish they had it when i was learning to play chess
camera pos 633.txt this product delivers exactly as promised and we could not be more pleased . the pictures are wonderful . the initial downloading process was straighforward and problem-free . we actually purchased three photo frames for ourselves and our children and they love them as much as we do . the slideshow feature is wonderful as well . everyone of our friends that have seen the photo frame are equally amazed by this product as some were not aware that such a product even existed . to be sure , they are expensive but worth the cost . we will enjoy our photo frame for years to come as we update with new pictures regularly . thanks to the folks at philips for getting this soooooooooooo right .
books neg 514.txt i worked with the author in the narcotics section of the chicago police department . please do not let the author 's perception of the truth sway your opinion about the chicago police department and the men and women who serve proudly . the author claims that the narcotics section and its policies were a leading contributor to his decline . i think not . he thrived on these practices and used them to his advantage . all we saw was a selfish and immature young man who thought of himself first . if the author thinks that only the commander of the narcotics section was disgusted with his drug usage and failing his urinalysis , he is dead wrong . we all were . if you read this book , please do not indict all of us because of one person 's jaded stories .
health pos 649.txt as advertized , as promised - and at a savings ! ( better pricing c / w - walmart , target and online
books neg 955.txt my paperback copy fell to pieces after ten days ! it is full of nice photographs but when the individual pages are lying in a chaotic heap on the floor it hardly matters how pretty the pictures are or how intelligent the text is , does it
software neg 17.txt i rarely write reviews but i decided to write this since i had this urge to let everyone know that this product is just plain bad . the review by " reviewer : rc lansing mich " has listed all of my frustrations and i will not go over them again . but the rating of 4 stars that he has given does not agree with what you will read in his review . the summary of this product is that it is " highly unusable " . you will be tired of using this on your first trip that you will not feel like every using it again . yes , you can " manage " you way with this product . however it is not worth your time and money . and last point that struck a nerve with me about the ols maps database ... the company came out with a plan where customers can send them updated maps , based on locations they have travelled , not covered by the original map database ... come on !
music pos 180.txt the edward scissorhands score will always be one of my absolute favorite movie scores . i truly believe this is danny elfman 's best score and believe me , he 's done some great scores ! the music is so moving . the childrens chorus mixed with the soft bells and strings were absolutely perfect for this sweet , beautiful film . even people who have n't seen this film have probably heard the music from it since it is used in so many film previews and commercials . a must-have for any danny elfman and / or tim burton fan
music neg 763.txt while i love billie , in her own words , these sessions were dull , and uninspired . since the reviews should focus on one cd , that is the jist of it ; boring renditions , and back up musicians that are not the ones that billie was used to making for a very uneven collection
music pos 740.txt many musicians release some sort of experimental album at some point in their career . for peter gabriel , every album is an experiment . usually musicians experiment by deviating from the norm ; however , on gabriel 's fifth experiment , so , the ex-genesis frontman does the exact opposite . gabriel , beloved for always doing something different , decided on this album to play it safe - and for gabriel , that is an experiment . previously he was a sort of cult performer , but on so , gabriel finally made it into the spotlight . big time . so was an immense success , peaking at number one on the billboard top 100 , receiving overwhelmingly-positive reviews ( in 2003 , so placed 187th on rolling stone 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time ) , and resulting in a sold-out tour . which brings us to one nagging term : " sellout " . though most who loved peter gabriel 's first four albums loved so as well , there are still many who call so gabriel 's sellout album . to me , that 's just foolishness . peter gabriel has never " sold out " and i have no doubt that he never will . it 's clear that on so he was trying to go in a more mainstream direction , but that 's probably the biggest experiment gabriel has ever undertaken , save for his subsequent release , passion . one popular theory amongst gabriel fans is that the album 's title , so , is in fact an acronym for " sell out " ( hence the uppercase capital " s " and the lowercase italicized " o " ) . i would n't be surprised at all if it was . so does sound very different from gabriel 's earlier albums ( though then again , none of those sounded alike either ) . if anything , it resembles gabriel 's third self-titled release , nicknamed melt . the thing that really separates those two - other than an obviously more commercial sound on so - is a feeling of warmth on that album , unlike the harsh , gritty darkness of melt . perhaps that 's why listeners found so so charming . what does so have to offer ? well , a lot . for one thing , there 's the atmospheric opening , " red rain " , one of gabriel 's finest tracks . like many of the tracks on the album , it 's dominated by ethereal guitar from david rhodes and heavenly synthesizers , courtesy of gabriel himself . then there 's one of the biggest hits of 1980s ( which also spawned what may be the best music video in history ) , " sledgehammer , " inspired by the motown music gabriel listened to as a child . with its pounding , industrial percussion , playful bass ( by gabriel 's exclusive bass man , tony levin ) and clever , sexually suggestive lyrics , it 's no surprise that " sledgehammer " was a hit . after letting his silly side out , gabriel tries to inspire with " do n't give up " , a nice song made great by heavenly vocals from another popular 80s musician , kate bush . the subsequent track , " that voice again " , is my personal favorite song from this album . it features some excellent drumming from manu katche , an immensely-talented drummer who has also played with artists like sting , along with misty guitars , delightful synthesizers , and fine lyrics hit home by gabriel 's pained singing . like the best tracks on so , " that voice again " manages to be fun , moody , uplifting , powerful , warm , and inspirational , all at once . gabriel winds down a little for the dreamy , powerful " mercy street " , a song inspired by and written about anne sexton , an american mental patient who relieved her depression through writing . as on his previous albums , gabriel proves that he knows when to lighten up by whipping out " big time " , a silly but fun track which also spawned an innovative music video . " big time " features heavy drumming from stewart copeland , the former drummer of the police , as well as some awesome cmi by simon clark . " we do what we 're told ( miligram 's 37 ) " is about the experiments of yale professor stanley milgram . milgram would have his subjects administer shocks to actors , who would scream in pain as the shocks became more and more horrible . milgram observed that his subjects would do what he told them to do , despite the immense pain they appeared to be inflicting on the actors . he follows that rather cold song with " this is the picture ( excellent birds ) " , a tensely surreal tune . the album closes with one of gabriel 's most famous songs , " in your eyes " . most people are familiar with the song from its usage in cameron crowe 's romantic comedy masterpiece ... say anything , where the song was used in what has become one of the most famous scenes in movie history . it 's one of gabriel 's warmest and most romantic compositions , and also one of his best . on the original lp version of so , " we do what we 're told " closed out the album . that 's a fine way to end it , but it 's also a rather cold way to end such a warm album . when the album was re-released remastered on cd in 2002 , gabriel placed " in your eyes " at the end of the album as he originally intended . now that is the way to end it ! so - how does so rank among the many other brilliant works of peter gabriel ? well , it ranks quite highly , actually . it 's one of the pinnacles of gabriel 's career , though whether it truly is the peak or not is hard to say . after all , how can one compare gabriel 's albums when they are all so vastly different ? certainly , though , so is one of the finest gabriel masterpieces . this is fun , well-crafted , emotional music . so is so wonderful .
camera neg 171.txt i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting
health pos 958.txt i recently a box of two 12 ounce bottles of this neutrogna produst at costco for approximately $9.00. $22.00 for the same quantity is too expensive for me to want to shop for these products at amazon
dvd neg 132.txt until this date i did not receive this prooduct ? what is happening ? i alredy wrote to you about this problem an d i am waiting for a solution regards mario assa
books pos 188.txt this book has been golden for two of my undergrad communications classes and is turning out an invalvuable reference for my graduate level comm class , which the professor is teaching from a variety of books . it is very easy to understand and the best part is it covers all the rigorous math . it could be more rigorous with the math in some cases . still it is such a broad and complete coverage of all important topics it will serve as your comm encyclopedia .
health neg 9.txt the monitor works really well . the functions are a bit limited from the perspective of calorie counting and fitness tracking . if you are looking for a good basic monitor , this is a great unit .
dvd neg 38.txt therese , lux , mary , bonnie and cecilia make up the five lisbon girls , ages 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17. cecilia , the youngest , lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors . as a cry for help , she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub , she survived the incident . after a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict mr. and mrs. lisbon that it would be benificial for cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age , mr. and mrs. lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only lisbon party . some of the neighborhood 's boys are invited over and while the party is in session , cecilia is pretty inanimate , sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt , talk and laugh . midway through the party , cecilia asks to be excused and mrs. lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it . cecilia goes up to her room ( on the second floor of a two-story house ) and jumps out the window , landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the lisbon house . in this way , cecilia lisbon commited suicide . only four girls remain . the act which cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed . the father saw her immediately , the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum . four of the lisbon 's neighbors , four young boys , suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the lisbon girls , who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world . they got hold of cecilia 's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide . the eldest decided cecilia was a dreamer , and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window , she thought she would fly . with their youngest sister gone , the remaining lisbon girls grow closer to each other , stranding themselves further from the outside world . when school starts again , they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened , not ever mentioning their youngest sister . the run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however . the usual profuse apology to the mention of the word " death " and the like . trip fontaine is the most popular guy in school , the object of desire to all of the girls at school.. . except for the lisbon girls , which is of no importance to trip until he sets eyes on lux . trip cannot help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty . in the beginning , he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she 's not interested . but after his consistent courtship , lux falls for his charming ways . trip then attempts to convince mr. lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the lisbon daughters to homecoming . after mr. lisbon talks to his wife , he agrees to trip 's request , knowing nothing but trip 's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions , on the understanding that trip have all of the lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew . after trip explains the situation to his football peers , he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely . meanwhile , the lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the homecoming dance . though one pattern is used for all four dresses , each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail . once they pick up the girls , they stop midway to the homecoming in order to smoke , lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke . they then drive to the dance . trip and lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol . another one of the lisbon sisters and her date follow , but leave soon afterwards , not being as wild nor daring as trip and lux . at the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew , they are all there.. . except for trip and lux , who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field . deciding they must make their own curfews , therese , bonnie , mary and their dates leave without them . after fooling around , the intoxicated trip and lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium . trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves lux there alone . when lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why trip is not there . she takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick ( of course ) . but they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the lisbon residence . the girls , in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world , begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives . one of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls . soon following , the boys begin talking to the lisbon girls via phone . one day , the girls invite the boys to come over once mr. and mrs. lisbon are asleep . the plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere , the boys hastily agree . they sneak over and lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and lux goes to wait in the car . the boys wander down to the basement while waiting for therese , bonnie and mary , verbally expressing their hopes for the night . but then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters . she had hung herself . the boys , scared to death , run all the way home . time passed , things changed , girls came and went.. . but no matter what , those four boys never forgot the lisbon suicides . ultimately , the movie was nothing short of queer . when trying to sum up the story in a few lines ( such as " follow the lives of the lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors . a story full of obsession , gossip , lust , love , desire and isolation . " ) the story sounds quite unique and intriguing , but the story fell short of that for me personally . partly because the lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation . the movie , in places , is also extremely flawed . i do not believe mr. and mrs. lisbon could 've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services . in many parts of the movie , they should 've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences . the whole movie was filmed in a style that i can truthfully say makes me rather bored . i would only suggest this film to , perhaps , people who like movies such as " elizabethtown " which kirsten dunst is also in . but i personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future
health pos 320.txt this product works great , they recharge fast , are just warm to the touch not hot , and have extremely long battery life . battery charger works great and has nice car charger adapter
software pos 504.txt why not have the best possible operating system for the best possible computer . while this os is not the top of the line today , it was when i bought it . if you buy the mac , it pays to have the best operating system . stay current . the hardest jump was from os 8 to os 9. i was unable to bring any of my peripherals with me . now it is seamless . like they say , just " plug n play .
music pos 988.txt i would like to point out that mtv rocks is funny and you guys are suckers . this album does rule , just not as much as top40 radio hits
dvd pos 289.txt i always love it when prevention release another workout because i get bored easy and i like to mix workouts up . i 've loved all of the other prevention workouts and knew i 'd love this too . chris freytag leads again and does another superb job . there are two aerobic routines and five targeted toning workouts . the dvd is programmable so you can do them in any order and do as many or as little as you want . that 's a big plus so you do n't get bored or pushed for time . you can choose whether you need to lose weight or just firm up etc. if , for example , you pick that you need to lose weight , there is a six day week with the routines mapped out for you already . that is so helpful . the moves are all basic no frills moves , but they are effective . the first cardio section is low impact and the second is a variety of low and higher impact moves making it just that little bit harder . the body parts are all the ones you want to workout ; arms , butt , abs and thighs . all you really need for this dvd is dumbells and a lot of energy . this is so easy to do due to the programming , so there really is no excuse for not working out . this can be done by practically anyone . i also love how the other two girls exercising as well , are n't the kinds that yell and shout etc. they are as professional as chris
software neg 707.txt complete waste of money . i purchased my copy at wal-mart but wanted to warn others before they made the same mistake i did . the graphics and templates they use on the package to lure you in are nice and tasteful . the actaul program is so not like that . the graphics are down right cheesy , and low budget . having only paid $9 for this program , i feel like i was completely ripped off . i 'll for sure be calling the company and asking for a refund . 1 star seems like too many to give this awful item
health neg 168.txt these glasses were a bit of a disappointment . the convenience was out weighed by the uncomfortable fit - they were really snug with no possibility of adjustment . and actually they were annoying with how they hung when not in use . great idea but maybe some " fine tuning " would help...like a more flexible strap rather than the plastic frame just being super long to go around your neck .
books neg 743.txt this " book " is probably the worst written i 've ever encountered . it was so flawed as to be considered literature . alice walker tries to " one-up " harriet beecher stowe , in writing about brutality . titles like these are weapons used in the anti-black male agenda this society has long perpetuated . all the men depicted in this book are one-dimensional characters with absolutely no redeeming qualities worth noting . the women are portrayed as martyred , forlorn , pseudo-saints who have been set upon by beasts from hell . the only persons capable of any sort of humanity are exclusively women . i 've learned long ago , when absolutes such as these are presented , a greater agenda is at work . there are no " real " men in this book ! only distorted caricatures of black masculinity . i only found value in this book as a comprehensive example of sexist misandry at its worst . i find this title as dangerous as hitler 's " mien kampf " , in it 's portrayal of black men as evil and morally destitute . presenting such depictions is both dangerous and irresponsible . true , there are criminally abusive men in every culture . but there are also forthright , upstanding men as well . to present a depiction of such vehement imbalance and disparity , only serves to distort the readers view of the people being written about . harriet beecher stowe 's fictional " uncle tom 's cabin " , sparked national outrage and eventually a bloody civil war . this title does no less in further distorting the readers perceptions of black men . this book is fiction . however , it is not presented as such . i 'm sure the abusive incidents depicted in this book have been based upon actual incidents . i have no qualm about outrage at such abominations . however , i do have a problem when there are absolutely no upstanding male figures who intervene in such aberrations . that is what i find so unbelievable and offensive about this book . in my opinion , this novel does nothing to laud the strength of women so much as it demeans and distorts the readers / viewers of the people within it . i do n't find it a testament to the strength of black women at all . i interpret this book as feminist misandry with two purposes...the further distortion of african-american culture and the deliberate depiction and denigration of the black male as being hopelessly inhuman . i 'm sure alice walker made a lot of money with this book . feminist , racist extremism seems to have found a niche in literature . i wonder if this novel would have had the same accolades , were it a fictional depiction of white american men brutalizing white women . most definitely not ! ! ! i doubt it would have even found a publisher . america is comfortable reinforcing negative depictions of black men and african-american culture . my life as a black man is difficult enough living as a testament and example against this sort of racial distortion . whatever ms. walker 's motivations were in writing this novel , i 'm sure mercenary incentives were not discounted . this is racist , misandrist propaganda masquerading as literature !
music pos 975.txt i drive alot commuting to and from my job . this music has served as the perfect backdrop to an lovely indiana fall ! i 'm sure i 'll recall those colorful images as i continue to listen to this cd through the colorless days of winter
music pos 792.txt i remember listning to this album over and over again when i was young . to this day i still ca n't get these awesome songs out of my head ! a must get album for you old school folks or anyone that enjoys great music
health pos 377.txt i 've tried many types of nutrition bars and many are too sweet or they are not tasty . clif bars get it right
camera pos 545.txt worked like a charm in my panasonic ag-dv30 video camera ! having 5+ hours of battery life really helps when you 're on vacation and do n't want to mess with charging batteries or being " selective " in your shooting . this gives you the freedom to tape what you want and edit out the boring stuff later . worth the money and a good deal here
dvd pos 478.txt i loved the book and i feel that this movie did it justice . the actresses are new favorites of mine , and i feel they really captured the spirit of the characters . the movie really does a fantastic job of transporting viewers to 19th century england just as the book does . i would definately recommend this movie and the book .
dvd neg 892.txt what an incredible waste of acting talent " there was a crooked man " turned out to be . director joseph mankiewicz celebrated for classics such as " all about eve " and " the barefoot contessa " should be embarrassed by this bomb . kirk douglas plays paris pittman jr. a charming , persuasive prisoner incarcerated in territorial prison for ten years for an armed robbery that netted him $500 , 000. he hid the loot prior to his capture . it 's presence is common knowledge among the inmates giving him celebrity status . newly appointed warden woodrow lopeman played by henry fonda is trying to use douglas ' influence to coax the inmates help him initiate prison reform . under the guise of playing along with fonda , douglas secretly plots his escape to be reunited with his ill gotten cash . with an excellent cast including hume cronyn , burgess meredith and lee grant , i expected a whole lot more than this disappointing flick delivered
music neg 186.txt clipped , petite and looking more like a leather bar anne murray , crow drags out the hits and the ` friends ' for this all-star live bash . half the album is standard issue and straight ahead stage sweat with the morning beer-buzz afficiando going it alone without a little help from her friends ( all i wanna do , everyday is a winding road , a change would do you good , leaving las vegas ) . with only slight variations on these overplayed originals ( a sychopantic crowd and some tinkering with the rhythms ) crow 's solo chores rarely rate more than a grudging ho-hum . the rest of the album is a parade of snap-on tools ( dixie chicks , stevie nicks , eric clapton , sarah mclachlan , chrissie hynde ) who easily steal the spotlight from their downhome hash-slinging waitress / host . reduced to the role of supporting guitarist , crow butters the toast from the sidelines as femme contemporaries like nicks ( who unravels admirably on gold dust woman ) , hynde and mclachlan flounder about the mike in a haphazard hit ( hynde 's if it makes you happy ) -and-miss ( mclachlan 's the difficult kind ) headbutt at crow 's hits . but it is n't until clapton 's suspendered , cigar-chomping husk is rolled out to update cream 's white room that the sour stench of monstrous micalculation reaches it 's devastating climax . fresh from watering the daisies and still in his jammies , clapton 's return to the electric psychedelics of his paleolithic past is a fumbling bumbling fiasco unleashed with the grace and finesse of a diarrhetic brontosaurus . it 's horrifying to think that this is what cream would have sounded like if they had n't broken up . thank god for egos . it 's almost a relief to hear richards mindlessly croak his way through the old stones exile-era toss-off happy , as if a cadaverous ex-junkie with the durability of a cockroach and nine lives would be anything but . besides , richards provides wonderful comic relief and criticizing his artistic capacity is as futile as pointing out the flaws in the bandages on an egyptian mummy . the wrapper finds the entire gang , from spanky nicks to buckwheat clapton , joining hands for a bizarre entreaty with a kindergarten rendition of dylan 's tombstone blues - a fitting finale if there ever was one
software pos 967.txt this software came with a scanner i recently purchased and i decided to upgrade from the " se " ( striped edition ? ) that was bundled with the device . considering the cost and what the software can do it is an amazing value . by simply using this software to re-create documents instead of retyping them is saving me more an hour or two a day . i was hesitant to puchse it based upon all the recent negative reviews , but decided with the 30 day refund policy i could try it risk free . i 'm glad i did . the software worked flawlessly for me - even on 5th and 6th generation copies that were hard to read with my naked eye ( and i do n't need or wear glasses ) . i 'm not sure what those people that were scanning books were trying to accomplish , but when i scanned some pages from an encyclopedia for my son the ocr worked great ! try it and if it does n't work then return it .
camera pos 905.txt pros : compact , lightweight , portability , easy to use , big screen , good reproduction cons : microphone sensitive to wind , getting used to not having a viewfinder , bad low light performance . summary : i picked this camera as an upgrade for my old canon zr10. the first reason i chose it was the small size and portability . with a good light conditions , this little beast do its best shots , but in low light conditions this camera disapointed me ( specially compared with mi old zr10 ) . please do n't buy it if you have plans to use it for stills shots because it has a low resolution . the included handycam station have all the ports ( firewire , usb , power , video ) you need to conect it . the big touch screen is a must , because the screen is the only way to access the camera controls ( besides some of them in the edge of the screen ) . you can have a camera with more characteristics and better image quality for the same price , but if your concern is the size and portability this will be your best choice in the world of the mini dv format
dvd neg 707.txt i like almost all of lifetime 's movies and love tuning in to watch but this was certainly not one of the best . the name bring " obsessed " was not what it should have been called , the lady was dreaming and had an illness . this movie had a horrible twist which made the ending bad and hard to follow and understand the whole way through , this movie was not what i had expected . as i said i like almost all of lifetime original movies but i definitely wa n't be watching this one again .
software neg 605.txt as another reviewer says : " but the final tax forms i needed to file with were not included on the cd-rom package . turbotax instructed me to get them by using " one-click update . " well after i update and attempt to restart the software , turbotax refuses to come up at all . " exactly . i 've re-installed it over and over and the same thing happens . i 've used turbotax in previous years and never had a problem like this . after spending hours entering in my data , there is apparently no way to get to the final filing stage . with four days before the due date , this is disasterous . their support site offers no hint of a fix . mac users , stay away
camera pos 786.txt i bought this as a present for my wife . i was looking for something that she could carry in her purse . the automatic functions are easy and functional . it is not an enthusiasts camera : too hard to get into the menus . the screen is easy to turn off ( this sucks battery power ) . and it even has an optical viewfinder ( a rare finding lately ) the optical viewfinder helps to get steady pictures for those of us with the shakes . the pictures are clear and the colors are excellent . the drawback is the that sony batteries cost an arm and a leg . the wire for downloading pix is multifunctional and very proprietary ( read that as expensive if you lose it
health neg 576.txt i bought this and it worked fine the first time that i used it . granted , it was late summer and the house was pretty warm so it was not to difficult to steam up the bedroom . however , i have tried it in my infant 's room 4 times this winter . i used hot water & salt to try to help it , but the darn thing does not have enough power to make the steam . maybe all of the " steam " energy is being used on the night light ! if you have your home 's thermostat set under 78 degrees , do not waste your money on this item ! find something stronger to get you through the winter months
music neg 80.txt i had never heard leonard cohen 's music but saw references to it frequently when looking at other singers / songwriters . given his status / reputation i thought i should get this cd and learn what all the fuss was about . having had no preconceptions , i have to say i was quite disappointed . i think the music has not aged well and is pretty unremarkable . perhaps the style liberated others to pursue new directions but the work in and of itself is ho hum at best . specific example that speaks volumes : listen to cohen 's singing of his " hallelujah " and then listen to jeff buckley 's cover of that song on " grace " which was recorded in 1994. sorry , leonard , you cannot hold even a birthday-sized candle to jeff buckley 's rendition of your own song . it is a very unflattering comparison that pretty much put the first and last nail in the coffin for my appreciation of cohen 's legacy . " tant pis , vers le bonheur .
health neg 878.txt i would have given it zero stars but that is not an option . it stopped working after about 10 minutes of static filled reception . it was difficult to get a station . and it was not a problem with the batteries . run , do n't walk , *away* from this
dvd pos 701.txt noel and liam and jarvis are f* &king hilarious...damon needs to off himself...same with the weirdo journalist with the upper-class accent...this video is good at making britpop seem like an actual period in music...hahahahaha...whatever...besides , everyone knows radiohead and prodigy were quite accepted in the u.s. and were very original...oasis is an awesome , lethal rock n roll band , anyone who loves rock n roll have to love oasis...do n't cheat yourself. .
software pos 865.txt i am not a professional reviewer or a tech guru , but based on my experience with this product i am very satisfied . i love the new interface and how easy it is to work with documents and apply formatting with such ease . i have only used it for a month now and i still have to use some of the applications yet . if you have the money and will love to have a new office suite that can give you some happiness working with documents every day , go for it
books pos 658.txt this is a wonderful overview of a critical sector of the western front . across the region known as flanders , three particularly brutal battles were fought during the first world war with a horrendous loss of life suffered for minimal territorial gains . this book provides enough information about these battles to be informative yet unlike many military histories it avoids becoming boring because it is not overly detailed . it also discusses the battles from all perspectives including the high ranking politicians , the often inept generals but especially from the viewpoint of the poor infantrymen who suffered incredible hardships including shelling , bombing , machine gun fire , gas attacks and wretched weather conditions . in addition the author has a wonderful approach to writing making the book a very absorbing read that is difficult to put down . it is a shame so many historians , including such military writers as david glantz , do not emulate groom 's style
software neg 799.txt i have always used norton products , and upgraded to is 2007 when my subscription came up for renewal . what a mistake . my computer freezes up all the time , and the software is difficult to use - it is not at all straightforward like previous versions of internet security . do not buy this product .
books pos 653.txt fantastic pop up book ! easy to keep the preschool children 's attention when telling this story
camera neg 805.txt i bought this camera about a month ago and i am highly disappointed with it . the quality of the pictures is very poor , showing large grain , even at shq and low iso settings . no combination of settings seems to improve quality
health neg 673.txt it was not as good as i expected . i felt the quality of this item was cheap . therefore , i returned it
health neg 237.txt got the bodybare and the ladyfair combo . the ladyfair is cheap and poorly made . it pulls as much hair as it cuts , plus it cuts the skin.the bodybare does nothing at all . it 's so weak and delicate that it wo n't cut anything . do n't waste your money. .
camera neg 343.txt attention ! i got this lenmar from amazon . however , it is not compatible with my latest model of sony 's dcr-hc96 camcorder ! the camcorder warns you to use infolithium battery , and then shuts down . that 's it
health neg 469.txt it 's quality is cheap and poorly made . i bought two thinking it was a good deal but i threw them out after 2 days because the on / off switch did n't work . it was also very loud
music neg 61.txt this album is the worst dcfc album , why........ . ill tell you why its boring , its repetitive , its way to mellow and im all for mellow but this is ridculous . i mean this is the type of mellow that puts people to sleep , especially the last track . oh my god ! ! ! that song is sooooo boring , its called stability and it will put you to sleep . i am a fan of dfcf and i loved their other albums we have the facts , plans , etc.... . but honestly this album did not click with me . i tried listing to the songs again to see if i would probably grow accustome to it , but no that didnt work . sure this album has its moments , but trust me when i say your not missing out on anything . i would not buy the album , instead buy the 2 stand out songs off itunes or napster ; a movie script ending and we laugh indoors . the only 2 stand out tracks
health neg 88.txt in the user manual there is a whole list of people who it will provide inaccurate body fat percentage measurements for and body builders are one of them . i wish i had known this before . now i have to waste about $20 in shipping to return it . do not buy for body fat measurement
camera pos 988.txt love my new jvc everio . the original model just used compact flash cards , but the new everio gz uses an ipod like hard drive that lets you store a year 's worth of video on it ! tape is definitely dead , and dvd camcorder 's 30 mintues a disc does n't hold a candle to the everio . the only issue i had was that the software that come with it was pretty basic , but all the other video editing software programs did n't recognize the everio video files ( .mod files which contain mpeg2 video and dolby stereo audio ) . i did finally find adobe premiere elements 2.0 which supports this new file type natively . it has made editing a breeze .
camera pos 613.txt received camera exactly as described . easy and smooth transaction would by from this vendor again . thank
music pos 304.txt please do yourself a favor and buy this cd ! whatever you do , dont listen to it in your car though . no kidding aside , i almost ran my car off the road because i was laughing so hard
dvd pos 197.txt the aids situation is far greater than we are told / the corruption in africa is horrific / the situation is beyond any horror film 's scare anytime / this film of lecarre 's novel bears great importance to our future , our destiny . one of the most important films ever made ! actors like ralph fiennes & rachel weitz need more commendation for it and director fernando merelles is a genius . agripping thriller for the serious moviegover.bravo 50 stars
health pos 324.txt this works best for me . i do n't like a wet or greasy look . this holds well , then dries as if nothing is on the hair . without it , my hair falls down into my eyes . i think it 's the best
music neg 157.txt sarah brightman is one of my all time favorite artists . but this disc is just a complete waste . it is missing so much , and has too many songs that do n't belong . like the phantom songs . as much as i love them , save them for the andrew llyod webber collections . ca n't we have a nice singles collection with just her solo works starting from " dive " ? her " classics " album had it right . except their version of " captain nemo " was the rip off live version . and this cd does n't even have the captain nemo song , which is a huge fan favorite , and definitly was a single . it is also missing how can heaven love me , eden , harem , and beautiful . all singles as well . save your money . either buy the " classics " album for a somewhat better compilation , or just make your own mix like i did . because sarah has so many wonderful songs ( and quite a few bad ones i will admit ) and it seems on here they give you some bad ones ( like requium and nella fantasia ) , and leave out the good ones . " it 's a beautiful day " and " what you never know " are good , but are the weakest songs form harem . why on earth would you leave out " harem " and " beautiful " , but leave on beautiful day and wynk ? whoever put this set list together must have not put much thought into it and is just trying to cash in . i bet sarah did n't have much say in this compilation . this is just a waste . beautiful album cover though
health pos 398.txt this hair dryer is truly a professional , salon type dryer . many dryers are advertised as such , but this one lives up to that reputation . very sleek , beautiful coloring and easy to handle with turbo feature . this was a surprise ( turbo ) which i 'm enjoying , coupled with the smooth and strong drying . the sound is even pleasant , not too loud , and it works quickly . ( especially since i have very thick hair ) i would recommend this dryer as an excellent buy for the inexpensive price . aj in n
camera pos 310.txt an excellent flash to use with my canon 20d at a fantastic price , the canon 580ex was an expensive option , but should i buy one in the future ? the 430ex is perfect as a slave unit . great product from canon as always
camera pos 319.txt this gadget is a must-have for gadget lovers.....and picture lovers . it is compact , solid and fits any small pocket or clutch bag . the images are crisp if you get it set appropriately . if you love attention get this product and if you do n't .....not to worry the camera gets all of it .
dvd pos 155.txt in alan alda 's & quot ; betsy 's wedding&quot ; , he is eddie hopper , a construction foreman and architect . his daughter betsy ( molly ringwald ) and her boyfriend jake lovell ( dylan walsh ) announce their engagement at a family gathering . betsy 's sister connie ( ally sheedy ) is happy herself but jealously upset because she ca n't find herself a man . the late madeline kahn is lola , eddie 's wife . at the gathering lola 's sister gloria henner ( catherine o'hara ) tells her she plans to get even with her husband oscar ( oscar winner joe pesci ) for all his inept schemes . gloria says & quot ; someday , when i have my nice little nestegg , i can take a walk and he can go f- - - himself . &quot ; anthony lapaglia is stevie dee , a guy who would later in the film become connie 's boyfriend . stevie dee 's uncle georgie ( burt young ) is a business associate of oscar's . there 's once scene where when betsy and jake meet with the man performing their wedding ceremony , the dixie cups ' chapel of love is played . they want to be pronounced & quot ; husband and wife&quot ; instead of & quot ; man and wife&quot ; and they have & quot ; obey&quot ; omitted from & quot ; love , honor and obey&quot ; . the late julie bovasso plays rose , eddie 's mother and joey bishop is eddie 's deceased father . the father , as a ghost , is seen and heard only by eddie . the wedding was somewhat disasterous . it took place in a rented tent on a rainy evening . the tent was made of cheap , not-too-strong materials so a hole in the roof where the rain fell into increased to the point where it caved in . after a heated argument between gloria and oscar at the reception also in the tent , gloria pulls a loose thread causing the growing hole and the dowse of fallen rain . so connie and stevie dee can be together more often , stevie dee applies to the police academy , since connie 's a cop . unbelievably , the wedding dinner was pizza ! by the way , oscar planned to divorce gloria and become romantically involved with his secretary , who also attended betsy 's and jake 's wedding . that was one of the things that led to the argument . the wedding ceremony was performed in the jewish style . jake stepped on a wine glass wrapped in a cloth napkin . this film was alan alda 's most successful and not a minor hit like & quot ; a new life&quot ; , another one of his personally scripted films
dvd pos 284.txt i 'm an elementary school teacher in fairfax county virginia . dance in a huge part of the curriculim here . this video has given me so many ideas for the classroom ! learn to hip hop truly inspired me and the kids ! ! it 's fun , motivational , and easy . it 's a must for every p.e. teacher ! !
dvd neg 300.txt guess i 'm in the minority about this , but this play ( not a movie ) left me thinking that i wasted my money . i enjoyed madea , she is a great character . i never seem to care about the rest of the people or their problems . for me the only thing funny about it was when madea took the stage , the rest of it was simply boring
health pos 63.txt this is one of the best-tasting energy / snack bars i 've tried . it has true flavors ( think a chewy chocolate brownie with small chocolate chips ) , little or no " off " flavors or aftertastes , and it 's relatively filling , especially if accompanied by water or an additional quick snack , such as fruit . it 's a small bar , but it 's packed with 3 grams of fiber ( 12% of daily needs based on a 2 , 000 calorie diet ) , and it 's certified 95% organic . these organic ingredients include organic rolled oats , organic oat flour , organic oat fiber , organic and milled flaxseed , and actual natural flavors . even the sweet stuff is organic : , including organic chocolate ( made with- -you guessed it- -organic evaporated cane juice ) , soy butter , cocoa powder , cocoa butter , tapioca syrup , and fig paste . clif 's website proclaims that " clif zbar is the first kids ' snack created to comply with sb-19 , california 's senate bill limiting fat and sugar in foods offered within the state 's school system...we source ingredients which do not contain wheat and are not genetically engineered . " although aimed at kids , adults and teens will enjoy this as well . ingredients : organic rolled oats , organic chocolate chips ( organic evaporated cane juice , organic unsweetened chocolate , organic cocoa butter , soy lecithin , natural flavors ) , organic evaporated cane juice syrup , organic brown rice syrup , organic tapioca syrup , organic fig paste , organic oat flour , organic cocoa powder , organic soy butter , natural flavors , organic oat fiber , organic milled flaxseed , organic chocolate ( organic evaporated cane juice , organic unsweetened chocolate , organic cocoa butter , soy lecithin ) , salt , baking soda . for those with allegies , clif includes the following caution " contains soy . may contain traces of milk , peanuts and other nuts . " vitamins & minerals : calcium carbonate , ascorbic acid ( vit . c ) , niacinamide ( vit . b3 ) , ferric orthophosphate ( iron ) , zinc oxide , cyanocobalamin ( vit . b12 ) , thiamine mononitrate ( vit . b1 ) , pyridoxine hydrochloride ( vit . b6 ) , riboflavin ( vit . b2 ) , folic acid ( vit . b9 ) , beta carotene ( vit a ) . nutritional information : in one bar ( 36 grams ) there are 120 calories , 3 grams of fat ( 5% of percent daily values based on a 2 , 000 calorie diet ) , of which one gram s saturated fat ( but no trans fat ) , 0 cholesterol , 12 grams sugar , a total of 22 grams carbohydrates ( 7% ) , which includes 12 grams of sugar and 10 grams of other carbohydrates , 125 mg of sodium ( 4% ) , 110 mg . potassium ( 3% ) , 3 grams of dietary fiber ( 12% ) and a gram of insoluble fiber , and the following vitamins and minerals : vitamin a ( 6% ) , b1 ( 30% ) , b2 ( 15% ) , b3 ( 20% ) , b6 ( 20% ) , b12 ( 10% ) , % ) . c ( 35% ) , iron ( 10% ) , zinc ( 15% ) , phosphorus ( 20% ) , and folate ( 20% ) . i do n't think there 's a similar product around that can compete with the taste , purity , and nutritional value of this popular new treat
books pos 525.txt this is a great book to have in your collection if you 're a fan of blues music and history . by far , it 's not the only book out there . there are a number of notable artists this book is missing . hopefully , future editions of this book will begin to fill some of the gaps . that being said , this is a very good reference just the same
health neg 517.txt i bought this product in rite aid . unfortunately , it irriates my face . they are scamming people just to buy this product . instead of repairing my face , this product damage my face . there are a lot of wierd red spot that grows on my face since i start using this . now , i need to go to the dermatologist and have a surgery due to this product . if i knew this will happen , i will not waste my money to buy this product .
books pos 141.txt " the great locomotive chase " is the stuff of legend . this somewhat obscure event , which commemorated the first anniversary of the first shots on fort sumter , could too easily be written off among civil war devotees as a lark , a foolhardy distraction from the inexorable march from shiloh to the seven days , to second manassas , to the three more years of bloodletting that were required in order to form a more perfect union . but first-time author russell bonds does a masterful job of taking this adventure story on its own terms , telling it well , and placing it in its proper context . the raid itself is a gripping story of intrigue , espionage , and derring-do . and if mr. bonds had only told the tale itself , this book would be well worth the read . but what sets this distinguished this book apart from so much civil war writing is mr. bonds 's ability to tell this gripping tale objectively , while putting it in its proper context . the author sets the table with a relatively brief yet thorough overview of the strategic arrangement of the war nine months after first manassas . and by doing so , and by explaining why the raid , coupled with the deep penetration of general ormsby mitchell into tennessee and north alabama , offered the fleeting chance to cut the confederacy in two and thereby hasten the end of the war , mr. bonds gives the otherwise reckless lan of the raiders its proper place . andrews and his raiders were not off on a lark , even though students of the era will have the natural reaction , " what were they thinking ? " mr. bonds answers that question , and the answer , as incongruous as it may seem , reminds the reader that there was so much more to the great war than the epic battles of the armies of the potomac and northern virginia . if the author had done nothing more than told the story of the great raid , reconciling contemporary accounts that were so often embellished , this would be a wonderful adventure story , in the great tradition of shelby foote 's narrative history of the war . but this book does so much more . it puts the raid in its proper strategic context , and it tells the story of the gallant raiders after the raid itself failed . this book will satisfy both the devoted civil war critic and the general reader who loves a historical tale well-told .
software pos 5.txt i was afraid at first not to order directly from adobe but decided to take the cheaper route . it was obviously worth it - everything arrived perfectly - wrapped up , original cd set , etc. shipped in record time as well . eyal
camera pos 363.txt my first digicam , bought it 2 years ago . simple to use , great pictures , and a year ago ( and hundreds of pictures ago ) i dropped it ( no in its case ) on a cobblestone road - no damage . have never seen the need to replace it . i like the common batteries it uses and the sd memory
music neg 313.txt i forgot how bad this album was until i popped it into my cd player the other day . it seems like every song has one or two parts that are totally killer , followed by 3-4 minutes of boredom . the song " epic problem " is good throughout , and full disclosure is excellent except for the horrible screamed verses . strangelight is awesome too , and not very typical of fugazi . the kill is also good in the same way , it 's very chilled out . past these few standout tracks ( which would n't be standouts at all on any other album of theirs ) there is n't much reason to listen to the album . it 's incredibly boring . i suggest picking up any other fugazi album first , maybe 13 songs , red medicine or in on the kill taker
music neg 279.txt god , i ca n't believe this guy . ja rule was never a gangsta in his life , he ca n't talk gangsta . and stop trying to be like tupac , tupac actually was a gangsta . your a fake and if he was still alive he would not only not role with you but diss you so badly you 'd wet your pants . this guy should be booted out of the game , not only his he lying when he talks all this gangsta s*** as if he went through it , his ruining hip hop . yeah and ja , stop dissing eminem and 50. you know perfectly well that they 'd kill you in a battle anyday . ja rule has always been s***. go listen to real rap
health pos 233.txt i bought this for my aged mom after she confessed that the big plush expensive terry towel i 'd bought her was just too heavy for her to handle . she *adores* the microfiber towels i got her ! they are light for her weak arms , they are so very absorbent that one or two passes gets her dry and that 's particularly important with the delicate skin of the elderly . not to mention that i , a hearty creature in my prime , love these towels too ! i shall be buying more of various styles and colors
software pos 24.txt the product has very good themes and screen savers . some the other functions are not useful to me but hopefully i will use them in the future
health neg 456.txt these hair topia pills are nothing but garbage ! pure nonsense ! trust me , i know this because i used to buy them . i first bought these pills last year in june 2005 after hair formula 37 's unsuccessful promise of producing longer and stronger hair in the four months of usage . well , these pills were not as expensive as the previous brand mentioned , and had promised also to change dry and brittle hair to long and healthy , and it did absolute nothing . i said to myself , like hair formula 37 , that maybe i just need to give this more time , so i bought a 2-month supply and gave it 3 months in all and there was no difference at all . this product might just work for others , which it has , but it certainly did n't work for me . i must admit that i brought this on myself , as my mother warned me not to buy these ridiculously expensive pill since they do nothing for hair that grows naturally anyway , and that if you really want to get hair pills then just buy them a whole lot cheaper in regular stores like giant or even hair vitamins in the damn dollar store ! these hair growth pills are too damn expensive , so when you are paying all of that money then you expect it to work . the fact that it does not is infuriating because $39.99 + $7 in shipping , with a total of a little over $46 , is a lot of money to spend on something that does nothing . thus , i am here to warn others not to waste their precious money . and if you are going to , please do n't do it on this site-you can buy this product a little cheaper at hairboutique.com .
dvd pos 275.txt well , it was good . i enjoyed it , but it was not the best plot and the characters had 2-d personalitys. . the worst thing , though , was how abruptly it ended . other than that it had that great japanese animation , and it was pretty fun to watch
software neg 641.txt i am very disappointed in this program . i have been doing my own graphics / cards for about 10 years . i started with print shop ( early edition ) and progressed thru all the updates . i then switched to printmaster and loved it ! ! ! again , i have progressed to each new verion with very little or no problems...until now ! this has got to be the worst of the worst- - - the program did not want to load without being babied . when it finally loaded , it was very confusing and i found that i needed to get my graphics from the internet ! the area i live in only allows me to have dial up- --you can imagine how long it takes to get the graphics i want ! if you are interested in doing your own graphics / cards , skip this program...go back to printmaster platinum 16 for much better results . as far as i am concerened , the river deep company needs to hide this edition in the deepest river they can find
software pos 857.txt i can never understand why others would want to use anything else , i have tried four others and this one has been the best of all . i now have been using this product starting about 1989 , i upgrade about every 3 to four year
dvd neg 653.txt this movie is a dog , pure and simple . we ended up with two of these are the freebie give aways for the last few dvd players we bought . they ca n't sell it , so they 're giving them away . hide ...fast
books pos 427.txt this was a fabulous resource for understanding the evolution of the marian cult . the one weakness of this book is that it did not deal with the pre-christian origins of the marian cult . other resources , however , cover the evolution of the anatolian fertility cult of cybele into the roman magna mater and later into the so-called & quot ; bvm&quot ; . the author does a good job of showing the origins of various aspects of mariology and contrasting these developments with christianity in the west . the author has done a great service to those who wish to more fully understand the syncretic process which blended christianity with various pagan religions and medeival political structures to create the roman catholic church
dvd pos 210.txt this is an outstanding documentary of the campaign team that changed presidential campaigning . one does not need to love the results of these changes ( i personally believe that this campaign was the beginning of the end of democracy as we know it , even as i marveled at the talent and loved the outcome of the election ) to appreciate how clinton 's 1992 campaign , as seen in this film , changed the american political world . " war room " should be seen along with more recent documentaries ( like , for example , " staffers ' 04 " ) to see the difference between a campaign that used techniques to achieve a goal and campaigns that use the same techniques as the goal ( to be elected rather than to govern ) . hopefully , it will encourage you to do what you can to return political campaigns to discussions of ideas rather than the useless , mind-numbing , dumbing down assessments of candidate traits ( like " character " or " integrity " ) we seem to have resorted to in the past ten years
software pos 970.txt we have used scansoft / nuance products for over five years - as a matter of fact i am writing this review using dragon 8. omnipage pro 15 along with the pdf converter is by far the best on the market . the technical support has been fantastic throughout the years and the engineers always had open ears for recommended changes . omnipage pro 15 has saved me thousands of dollars because of its unbelievable ocr accuracy . with a click and a choice i can now convert a pdf document into xl as spreadsheet . before this technology was created it was such a hassle . when i have to fill out a form omnipage pro 15 uses the saved information to help me . the program can run in the background and does not freeze or slow down my system . edward lampl president of healthcare recruitment stuart search group
software neg 41.txt i 've owned this software since it 's ridiculously overpriced $500 1.0 inception . even at it 's latest 1.5.1 $299 version apple should still be ashamed of themselves . i use final cut studio and own 3 recent macs , so i 've been devoted to apple to say the least . i am a professional wedding photographer / videographer . i have been more than patient with this software . it looks great , up to apple 's standards in design and vision but remains absolutely plagued with bugs . and unless you pay apple laughable amounts of money ( much more than the cost of the software itself ! ) , they will not provide support on anything except installation...even if there software update is the source of the issue . as someone who has been such an apple fan , i feel obligated to let everyone know that unless you enjoy pulling your hair out and repeating tasks over and over again do yourself a favor and download lightroom from adobe .
dvd pos 768.txt as socrates once said " i drank what ? " frank bigelow ( edmond o'brien , you may remember him as winston smith in ` 1984 ' 1956 ) realizes after he had a one night fling that he does not feel so good . he feels bad enough to see a doctor . yep he is d.o.a. ( dead on arrival ) as he has been poisoned and only has a little time left to live . obsessed with finding out who did it and why , frank has to reconstruct his wild night . will he find out in time ? if so what then ?
camera neg 962.txt just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it
music pos 746.txt martina mcbride 's " emotion " album contains many pop country elements , but is still nonetheless a great album . here 's how i rate each song . ( out of a 5 star scale ) 1 ) do what you do - good song , but takes a little to get used to . ( 4 stars ) 2 ) anything 's better than feeling the blues - good songs , good lyrics . ( 4 stars ) 3 ) i love you - great song , martina 's most successful song on the country charts , spending 5 weeks in the top spot . ( 5 stars ) 4 ) make me believe - great song about whether one 's love is true or not... . i love the lyric " but it 's hard to start a fire without a spark ( 5 stars ) 5 ) love 's the only house - this song will draw a strong connection to your heart . the song is spectacular and speaks the truth.. . love is truly the only house big enough for all the world 's pain . the video to this song is very touching as well . go martina ! ( 5 stars ) 6 ) there you are - a perfect wedding song.. . she hold the " are " note for at least 12+ seconds near the end . ( 5 stars ) if you hear this song live , she holds the note 15 seconds ! ! ! ! ( so live this song will be 6 stars / 5 stars ! ! ! ! ) 7 ) it 's my time - the first song that i ever heard martina perform live in the ama awards.. . she rocked the house down with this song.. . she also holds a 10 second note at this song . love that range of hers . ( 5 stars ) 8 ) i ai n't goin ' nowhere - i like this song and its message about being there for a significant other . ( 5 stars ) 9 ) anything and everything - the lyrics and martina 's gentle vocal performance on this song are perfection . ( 5 stars ) 10 ) from the ashes - another standout song on this album . she holds some high notes in this one too . ( 5 stars ) 11 ) goodbye - a solid performance , i llike how martina goes lower and softer in some parts of the song . ( 4 stars ) 12 ) this uncivil war - the best song on the album ! ! ! ! amazing ! ! ! ! written by gretchen , the writer of martina 's career hit " indepedence day . " a very emotional song , which defines the title of the album . the ending is a real treat as well . ( 6 stars ! ) this album is definitely worth purchasing ! ! ! it helps complete my collection of martina 's albums
camera neg 537.txt the camera takes a long time between pictures to regenerate for the next picture . compared to other digital camera 's this has presented a problem for the two users i purchased these camera 's for . also the flash does not adjust for the correct exposure at protraits within 3 to 5 feet . the pictures are too hot , over exposed and no adjustment works properly .
camera neg 308.txt i bought this toy a year ago and tried it on my etx-90ec telescope all i got is hazy moon video , the resolution is poor the maximum pixels is 640*420 which is very pooooooor resolution it didnt reach even 1 mega pixels , hey we 've got now 12 megapixels chips why dont provide it celstron ? ? ? tried to edit it with the included poor software but it was useless i thought it might need bigger telescope so the aperture would be higher and i might able to see some stars or galaxies as per advertisement i went to my cousin who has lx90 8 " telescope , the result was bright dots seem to be stars i dont recommend this toy its a waste of money if you want really to take serious photograph try to attach your film or digital camera to your telescope by t-adapte
music neg 956.txt what an outrageous group , how can anyone like this rubbish . maybe an horde of brainless people . how i feel happy in being intelligent , and live my life with things of absolute quality and not consuming this kind of food for mediocres . how said romans , " it 's just bread and circus to the poors " . give to people what they deserve , rubbish ! it 's because you mediocre people that buy this , that this kind of people , the members of this group , get money and laughs behind the scenes about how dumb people can be . it 's the same horde that buy , beyonce , spears , madona , and other outrageous poor music .
camera neg 176.txt i have been using this cord for about a year , and i had problems with its durability . it actually worked fine for a for the first 5 months , but then it started to fall apart . when mounted on the hotshoe of my flash bracket , the thin plastic shoe ( where the flash is attached to ) developed a crack and eventually broke off , making it useless to mount the flash . i had to buy a replacement part from canon ( who charged me $16 for this small plastic piece ) . i flipped the flash carefully from then on , but then it still cracked ! ! i wrote to canon and asked them to reinforce the bottom maybe made of metal instead of thin plastic . so far , there is no response . a few months later , the cord , for some unknown reason , makes my 550ex flash switch from the ettl to ttl mode , and making the flash fire at full power , overexposing the entire image . i checked the flash by putting it directly on the camera 's hotshoe , and the flash worked fine , switching back to the ettl mode . for a piece of equipment from canon , it 's hard to imagine it giving so many problems . it 's like they only paid tons more attention to their cameras than their accessories . as there are no other oem manufacturers of this cord , i am forced to get another one and hope for the best .
health pos 842.txt these wipes are great . i have three children and have used the pampers , huggies , and house-brand wipes . the huggies are too thick and it seems you need more of them to get the job done . house-brand do n't smell as good and tend to be a bit rough . the pampers are thin , soft , and moist enough to get the job done-because they are thin , they can be maneuvered around in all the important places and folded / refolded for 100% useage ( unlike the huggies that once they are folded they become too thick to maneuver ) . definitely not too dry as other reviewers have said . if you want something moister , go get a paper towel and wet it with water
health neg 810.txt i bought this hoping this will be better than shaving and last longer , but its not good , first of all it does n't remove all the hair and second its very very painful and very very slow , if you have lots of free time to spend shaving the most painful way posible ( i have done wax and wax does n't hurt compare to this ) then this is your product . other bad thing it produces ingrown hair the horror !
software pos 36.txt the software does a lot of great things . you can start basic and work your way up to the more difficult tasks . the system does run a bit slow and takes a long time to shut off but other than that , it is great software
dvd pos 659.txt i just finished watching callie and son . i got my copy from the dollar store and it has another movie ( power passion and murder ) with michelle pfeiffer in it as well.. . it really was n't that bad , considering the price i paid . lindsay wagner is actually the main character and i think she did a great job , as did most of the actors in this film . the only trouble is the movie lasted about a hour longer than it needed to . with a bit of editing and a bit better script , it would have been a great movie ! the end was somewhat unexpected and horrifying.. . i 'd recommend it for someone to watch once , but i would n't pay more than i did for it . the dvd quality is really poor , the sound fades in and out , but for what it was , a bargain bin cheapy , i was pleasantly surprised by how much i enjoyed it .
camera pos 790.txt thank you for showing me , i will use it as many times when it comes into my mailbox soon
books neg 523.txt i have reviewed all 31 chapters of psycho-babble in the book ( and the epilogue too ) . a very " nice " read . indeed entertaining and yes , funny in many ways . they also use doubtfull suggestions - like bringing " doughnuts " because people like them ! ? they also " demystify " some " myths " about teamwork . ( i do not know where they got those myths from ) - another fragment of their imagination , i suppose . this " business " book is more of a " romantic novel " about something relating to " teams " , full of anecdotal references ( very life-like ) - but totally unsubstantiated , wanting us to " believe " that indeed , " teams things " are like they describe it . from an entertaining point of view - very . from an academic point of view - null . for a business person - if you have time to waist , have fun . it is interesting to note that they got a uk award for their book . ( for entertaining i suppose ) . i guess this is a way of promoting the book . good marketing technique .
software pos 939.txt i purchased this product to put 2 cds together . i had never attempted something like this and was a total novice . audio cleaning lab was terrific ! i found it easy to understand and use , with unexpected options that improved the project i was working on . my one word to describe it- - - simple....or maybe...effective...or maybe...straightforward...or maybe...uncomplicated...or maybe...useful...or maybe...valuable...or maybe. .
books neg 222.txt this book is pure fiction , nothing more . the problem is that is presented as fact - albeit little known fact . i wo n't repeat the good points made by some of the other reviewers , except to say that i also concur with the criticisms of the book . it makes for difficult reading . it really is not worth the effort , as you will not have any worthwhile information in the end . in fact , if you are a historian or scholar , stay away from it
health neg 921.txt 1500 mgs etc.. . advertised , is misleading as 1500 mgs refer to the daily recommended dose contained in two pills . honest advertising would quote 750 mgs etc.. . per pill ! i will definitively not purchase any product from that unreliable source . i believe amazon should check it 's suppliers with more scrutiny as their misconduct reflects on amazon - a generally very reliable ecommerce site . nessim
dvd pos 316.txt i started watching it and could n't stop . i read the book a long time ago and i still think that 's better but the movie is really good too . highly recommended
music neg 832.txt bobby bare is a great singer , one of the most underrated country singers ever . however , most of the songs on this cd pale in comparison to his earlier work like & quot ; detroit city&quot ; and & quot ; millers cave&quot ;
health neg 196.txt first , ou can barely tell this product makes a change in humidity levels in the room . secondly , it is extremely noisy and interferes with baby monitor
software pos 781.txt i teach presentation skills , so i 'm always on the lookout for things that make powerpoint better . i 've tried and recommended other software in the past , but none of them have the power of ovation . this is an outstanding piece of software . the visual effects are stunning , and it 's so easy to use that a child could learn it in a few minutes . powerpoint is boring , and everyone 's presentations look the same . not any more ! full-motion backgrounds and effects really jazz up your presentations , and they have over 100 professional-looking business themes available . see their website ( seriousmagic dot com ) for a demonstration of what it can do . all you have to do is drag and drop your powerpoint presentation on the ovation icon , choose a theme and the effects , and voila ! - a new presentation ! the current version 1.0 can not process embedded video or audio files , but they say that will be fixed with the first patch within the next month or two . despite that shortcoming , this is the best powerpoint enhancement available - heads and shoulders above the competitors
dvd pos 75.txt this has to be the best of the alien films ! this film , although not as scary as the original ( i mean that it did not scare me as much as alien ) , it is much more exciting and enjoyable than the first . also , this would have been an ideal conclusion to the series . go on , buy the collector 's edition of the first and this and enjoy
dvd pos 51.txt scrubs has been a model of consistency in its five seasons- -and to interrupt myself , why are n't we anticipating season five instead of season four ? and boo ! on them for being so slow to bring the show out on dvd ! - -and season four is no exception . i recently rewatched seasons 1 through 3 on dvd with my daughter and it really brought home just how great this series has been from the very beginning to the present . if you visit boards there are always prognosticators who declare that it is n't as good as it used to be , but i would be dishonest if i said that i detected any decline . one thing i 've really enjoyed is that unlike situation comedies , this one really does have an overall story arc , and i really appreciate bill lawrence and co. taking the time to reward fans of the show in this way . the story in season four revolves largely around the very , very gradual repair of the friendship between jd and elliott . fans of the show know that at the end of season three jd , utterly smitten by elliott , had expressed his love for her , causing her to break off her relationship with her boyfriend to be with jd . no sooner had he done this , however , he once again felt trapped and almost immediately broke things off with her . season four opens with her filled with hatred of him , complicated by the fact that she and he are named co-chief residents ( though there is wonderful confusion over the fact that the name plate on her door reads- -thanks to janitor- - " chief resident " and his misleadingly reads " co-chief resident , " causing many to imagine that she is over him ) . some of my favorite visuals in the series are of jd and elliott wedged into their ultra tiny office , barely large enough for the desk they face each other across . of course , eventually they patch things up , but for the first season have no kind of romantic entanglement . given the intensity of the events of the ends of season three , any sort of getting together would certainly have ended with elliott murdering jd . the season ends with carla and turk urging jd to move out and get a place of his own , which leads to an interesting roommate situation in season five . season four continued the scrubs tradition of having some very high profile guest stars . this was marred somewhat by having the absolutely dreadful colin farrell on one episode , an episode through which he drifted as if completely drunk or totally bored ( there have been very few bad episodes of scrubs , but this episode ranks near the bottom ) . the always delightful heather graham sparkled through several episodes earlier in the season . matthew perry stopped by for an episode less interesting for his presence than for his being teamed with his father , jonathan bennett perry , a country singer best known to most people as the old spice sailor . tara reid puts in another appearance as jd 's terrible sometimes girlfriend while molly shannon is in another episode . and julianna margulies of er appears in a couple of episodes . the great tragedy with scrubs is that it remains something of a secret . the only comedy better than scrubs in the past few years has been arrested development ( most fans of one show tend to be a fan of the other as well , and the lead of each show appeared on the other , zach braff as the producer of the girls with low self-esteem series of videos on ar and jason bateman as a patient on scrubs ) and while it won a large number of awards , its ratings were worse than scrubs . this show has decent ratings , but shockingly few awards . how terrible shows like everybody loves raymond and the formerly good but now dull will and grace beat it out for awards is mystifying . and how did it manage only one emmy nomination ? it was nominated for best comedy series , but why was n't zach braff nominated for best comic actor and john c . mcginley and donald faison for best supporting actor in a comedy series and sarah chalke for best supporting actress in a comedy series ? how is that possible ? much ink has been spilt on how the 2006 emmy nominations have made less sense than any in memory ( lauren graham yet again not nominated , though clearly the best comic actress on tv for at least five years and five vastly less talented women were nominated instead of her ; lost not nominated ; no nominations for veronica mars ; jason lee not nominated for my name is earl ; neither michael chiklis , hugh laurie , nor james gandolofini nominated for best actor , while martin sheen who was barely appeared in this year 's west wing ; while shows way , way , way , way past their prime like will and grace and the west wing nominated ; and the list goes on ) but zach braff 's failure to be nominated while charlie sheen and kevin james did is just one more reason not to take the emmys seriously at all . at least the golden globes more or else get it right . anyway , awards aside , and armed with the knowledge that the best shows are usually neglected by the emmys ( how many emmy nods did buffy get despite most of the nation 's best tv critics passionately begging each year for it to get the recognition it deserved ) , fans of the show will be delighted with season four and if you are n't a fan , you should be . but do n't start with season four . go back and do it right . either buy or rent ( i recommend buying- -you 'll want to watch this more than once ) season one , then work your way forward . many pleasurable hours will result
camera neg 839.txt very dissappointed . my son ( i bought this for them ) hooked it up and there is so much interference it cannot be used . audio just static and noise . i did find it interesting that the instructions tell you it might not work . try telling this to me before i purchase thank you . this is the last i purchase equipment on-line . i will stick to books thank you very much
camera neg 996.txt bag is ok but you must be careful if your moving around a lot . with extra batteries in the top zip compartment it is really top heavy and tips upside down while on your shoulder if the camera is out of it . the velcro does not hold it closed well either . my memory card fell out of the bag during one of these episodes , thank goodness my husband noticed
books pos 352.txt i requested this book for my college music class . i saw many offers from b&n and other book stores and i found amazon having the best price and received the book on time . the book was in great condition and my fellow students were surprised when they heard the price and the shipping response . i totally recommend this site and book for school . the book was comprehensible and well illustrated .
books neg 462.txt the book is obviously well-researched and the chapter on the riders was interesting . however , the author included a lot of details that just really did n't matter-as if he threw in the entire contents of his research rather than sifting out the relevant facts . the photos and illustrations that he used were illuminating and contributed to the educational value of the book . my professor was able to bring dr. schrag to talk to our class . he was a good lecturer-keeping the class ' interest with humor and introducing us to new ways to look at photography and the metro . if he could make his writing style more like his teaching style , i think he would have much more success as an author
dvd pos 190.txt i only watched this because joseph d'onofrio is in it , this movie is totall genious though
camera pos 805.txt i did a lot of research before buying the pv-gs250. now that i have the camera in my hands i know i made a great choice . great image quality . great build quality . the low light problems you read about are not really a big deal . in a noramlly lit room everything is fine .
music neg 509.txt 1. let 's get it started : d- . why not start now 17 with a bad song ? 2. lean back : f . continuing until futher notice.. . 3. goodies : f . 4. i like that : f . 5. ch-check it out : c- . beastie boys are n't that good anymore . 6. my place : f . starting to continue again.. . 7. sunshine : f . 8. you & me : f . 9. why ? : f . 10. locked up : f . 11. baby it 's you : f . 12. angels : f . 13. one thing : d- . 14. dare you to move : d- . 15. cold : a+. alert ! alert ! we have issued a good song ! 16. pieces of me : a+. gotta love ash. 17. take me out : a+. awesome ! 18. 1985 : b- . it 's just ok . 19. here for the party : f . eww ! 20. days go by : f . country sucks ! another now futuring only 4 good songs , " cold " , " take me out " , " pieces of me " , and " 1985 " . skip this one
dvd pos 989.txt & quot ; above suspicion&quot ; offers both a plausible plot and realistic character portrayals . the dilemma of the story becomes apparent when a family man 's ( bakula 's ) past comes back to haunt him , consequently tearing his life and his family apart . his wife ( sciorra ) becomes more and more unsure of her husband as the story progresses . & quot ; above suspicion&quot ; has the qualities of an intense psychological thriller , as well as a heart warmer . it 's a must see for almost any movie fan . just do n't confuse this & quot ; above suspicion&quot ; with the film starring christopher reve
books neg 648.txt bestseller -stupid plot -horrible plot -dumb characters i have one conculsion matthew reilly was trying to buy up all the copies of this book to save himself from embrassmen
books neg 19.txt the book jacket for " the ruins " offers a can't -miss premise : a group of post-grad american tourists at play in mexico jump at the chance for a little adventure among mayan ruins but find but then find themselves in unimaginable danger . it 's the stuff of great summer thrillers ready to be taken to the beach . but 319 pages later , the reader is left to wonder whether or not the publisher put the wrong book in the jacket . almost immediately , you 'll notice that smith 's writing is as dense as the jungles that make the setting . however , despite the endless stream of words , his descriptions are often threadbare . plus , there are no chapter breaks , which eventually pushes the pace until it feels like an assignment to continue . next , the characters themselves begin to fall flat . there are only really two couples to keep track of , and yet it 's difficult for the first third of the book to distinguish them . there is little to keep you interested in what they 're doing or why they might be doing it . smith 's attempts at developing these four as characters come in fits and spurts . this seems obviously haphazard and hurried - the author is jamming in backstory whenever needed to explain characters ' actions as if he were patching leaks in a dam . by the end of the book , the foursome seems to be as disinterested in each other as the reader is in them . and for the readers who are hoping to discover something of interest in the setting such as mayan mythology or archeological lore , forget it . aside from language barriers with the locals , there is no reason why this fantastical story could n't have been set in the wilds of the rocky mountains , the saharan desert , or anywhere else . the danger posed has nothing to do with mexico , archeology or mythology at all . ah yes , the danger posed . well , i ca n't say much at all because anyone could give away the entire book with one line of explanation - that 's how thin the plot is . the numerous other reviews that fault this as a short story masquerading as a novel are exactly right . suffice it to say that when you do realize what the danger is ( and you 'll realize it well before any of the well-educated characters do ) , it 's a real eye-roller , as if to say " i read this many pages for this ? " . by the time the story concludes , it 's more irritating than suspenseful . the characters take so long to blithely undertake any course of action at all that you 'll start rooting against them . eventually scenes of gore start piling up in an obvious and lazy attempt to interject some action , but even aside from being misdirected , it 's too little too late . this book could have been an adventure , a supernatural thriller , a survival tale , or a horror screenplay . it could have even taken the high road as an examination on people 's reactions to situations of extreme stress : some take the lead , even enjoying the challenge , while others whither into a shell of hopelessness . but none of the possibilities ever come to fruition in this disappointing effort .
software neg 559.txt this is simply awful ! i would expect this type of performance from some no-name brand software purchased at a flea market - not from microsoft ! i think they must of contracted this off to some really low bidder . i had more satisfaction tossing the software into the trash than trying to auction it off on some internet site . i think i 'll go with the tomtom navigator software instead
software pos 696.txt the product appears to be informative and reasonably easy to use . it is very helpful just describing the issues that need to be addressed . provides for addressing some stuff we might rather ignore or avoid
music neg 474.txt my dj side : i actually had to stop the music , open the tray on the cd player then check whether i had the right cd1 down-tempo in , or some other cd that my wife played before as the music was so not what i was expecting , sounding more like deep forest than jvm . to my surprise , it was jimmy 's balance 10. i decided to keep an open mind and listen to it anyway . i went to sleep after the 4th track . the next day i decided to listen to the second cd ( mid tempo ) . again i stopped the music , opened the tray on the cd player then checked whether i had the ( mid tempo cd ) in instead of the down-tempo i was playing the night before . sure enough , the ( mid tempo ) was what i had in the player , but did not sound much different than the lullabies i was listening to on cd1. when the mid-tempo was over , i thought to myself " well , this would be very nice for an upcoming relaxing dinner with friends " . the next day i had high hopes for the up tempo cd , cause well , as the name implies , it should be where the beats and treats are . but no . not really . the only reason i did n't freak out from listening to the 1st and 2nd cd of jimmy van m 's balance release is because for three days i kept telling myself that there is an up tempo cd . i did n't mind cd1&2 out of place pop tracks , i did n't mind the different types of music being played in sequence , or rather , out of sequence . i did n't mind hotel lobby music that reminded me of a hotel i stayed in two years ago in vienna . all this will be forgivable when i hear the up-tempo , because i was so sure it 's going to be awesome . unfortunately , i was not quite right about my assumptions . things did not start happening until track 5 ( the reducer 2 ) , i do n't really need some 4 tracks on the third cd to get me warmed up . jimmy warmed me up for 37 tracks before that , in his down + mid-tempo crap . for the most part , this production of the balance series - especially the first 41 tracks in sequence - churned out some of the most lethargic , way too slow and boring music that could be described , at best , as lullabies for grown ups . as for the last 9 tracks of the up-tempo , it is actually - dare i say - decent enough , but way too late , and even worse , ended prematurely . it should have been re-arranged with tracks in reverse order on every cd to be as follows : ( cd3 ) up-tempo should have been ( cd1 ) renamed ( in the car from club to home ) , ( cd2 ) mid-tempo should have been renamed ( at home in the living room ) and finally ( cd1 ) down-tempo should have been ( cd3 ) renamed ( in your bedroom ) . this just makes more sense . the reason i say this is due to the disproportionate figures of dance tracks given to us ( 9 ) to the rest of the sleepy , mellow ones ( 41 ) . for example , chill out house almost always start with a faster track or two then goes on to be slower gradually . i have never come across a chill cd that opened with 10 fast tracks and ended with 03 slow ones , that 's not chill . jvm balance did exactly that ; took forever to ascend to a certain point , then crashed almost immediately . what gives ? half star for cd1 half star for cd2 3 stars for cd3 my human side : dance music is not the only type of beautiful music out there , duh ! jimmy made that very clear in this release . if you want to listen to a wide range of ( not bad ! ) music , then balance 10 is for you . dive in jvm selection of what he thinks makes us human ; expressions of the soul that goes beyond our daily necessities to survive . as a matter of fact , we do n't even need music ( or any type of arts for that matter ) to survive at all . still we listen to it , we crave it and for many people their livelihood depends on it . music can represent our feelings , desires and wishes , and with jvm deep forest like music here ( as i mentioned before ) i ca n't help but wonder if he is going through a certain period in his life where spirituality and oneness with the world is a priority . i think it shows .
music neg 649.txt this was for a friend and i have no feedbac
dvd neg 863.txt watched like reading a comic book . so many murders for so little money . corpses never turned stink in the thailand humid and hot temperature . lousy acting , directing and totally stupid screenplay with twisted to the limit ridiculousness and impossibility . a story so bad that turned into a disturbing watch . boasted with awards and high praises for the primitiveness or roughness of the poor plot and scenario ? give me a break
health pos 787.txt i bought this for my husband . he had a plantars wart on the bottom of his foot that was removed but became a callus that gave him pain . emu oil is the first thing that softened it and it is better than it has ever been and he had suffered with it for years
software pos 610.txt streets and trips has been a significant help in making our travel plans . we use it in conjunction with our garmin 2720 gps system and they are very complementary . the garmin system does n't use downloads from the laptop and streets and trips therefore allows us to do trip planning on a braosder scale at home . this is a very good program for trip planning
music neg 325.txt a friend who knows my taste in music recommended vnv nation to me , so i got matter + form based on the reviews . in one sense i like it . the production is excellent and i find every track to be creative and unique . but i hate the vocals and so i ca n't bear to listen to the cd . this dude has the worst voice in music history .
software neg 499.txt i found this software very difficult to use . it does not have any " stop " or " go back " button . the only way to exit an activity is to hit " esc " button to exit the program and then start all over . when starting over , there is a very lengthy annimated introduction you have to go over each time and i could not find a way to skip it
music pos 59.txt jon brion does such a great job capturing emotion with great music . hes also so damn great and fitting sound witht the mood of a movie . if you liked this movie , by all means , buy the soundtrack . you will not be dissapointed . eevery time it listen it not only reminds me of the amazing movie , it makes me feel. . just. . good . also , be sure to pick up his solo record , meaningless . if you liked the movie , buy this cd , you wont regret it
camera neg 23.txt for nearly $100 , this adaptor provides very little ( 1.5x ) magnification . it is also a nuisance because you have to switch the camera settings every time you use the lens for it to function properly . this is no big deal with the wide angle adaptor , which is used infrequently by me , but it is when you want to capture a fleeting image at a distance . it is lightweight , but cumbersome and does n't accept filters . for real telephoto capabilities , get an slr with interchangeable lenses . i sent this product back .
camera pos 415.txt i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures
software pos 105.txt i bought version 5 of this software a few years ago and was very pleased with the many features . a tech at my isp ( bellsouth ) recommended this software to me . i recently purchased version 6 for my new laptop which is running windows xp pro . installation was a snap . updates are frequent and install quickly with my dsl connection . the software suite has in my opinion more and better features than norton pro which i use on my desktop . i really like the registry cleaner ( fixer ) and the defrag tools . ( they use trend micro for virus protection ) the program allows simple maintenance or for more experienced users indepth tools that allow you to maintain and tweak your system . there is a lot of extra programs that come with this software that i did not install after reading some reviews and warnings about using them . however , my personal experience after installing just the system suit 6 professional has really been good for me . i bought my copy from walmart and filled out the rebate following the instructions carefully and i received my rebate after about 6 weeks . i hope if anyone buys this software because of my recommendation will have similar results . i would rate my knowledge of computers as above average , which may be why i did not have any problems with the software .
camera pos 398.txt has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? i ca n't believe the price . i am struggling btwn buying the sony brand battery and the compatible ones
software pos 170.txt the product is easy to use . like how it intergrates with ms office applications . it 's been a great tool for providing documents to my clients
books pos 322.txt it does n't sound like the people you list as reasons " not " to read this book , actually read " this " book . there is a big difference , in my opinion , of putting positive affirmations in your mind , versus a witch doctor . and quite honestly , it seems the positive affirmations could and should be used in " conjuction " with medical care . does it say anywhere in the book to forego medical care , because you will most definitely be healed ? no where . so in my opinion , one has to have a " sound " mind , and not view the book as a " cure all " for all the ills in life , but rather a positive way to " enhance " your life . it is just plain stupid to to avoid getting medical care , when you have a terminal illness , or any other illness for that matter . but according to what i gather from the book , you can use positive affirmations , and " believe " that you are getting well , to help keep yourself in a positive state , rather than filling your head with negative thinking that you will never get well . studies aside from this book have proven that a healthy and positive attitude and mental outlook , have done wonders for recovering patients , along with their medical care . your review did not address any of those people that read this book , because the two examples of people you list , it is apparent they did n't read the book either , ( not sure what compelled you to post here ? ) therefore you are not qualified , in my opinion , to critique this book , as they were using apparently some form of faith healing from a televangelist , did they prescribe drinking snakes blood , too ? anyway , this book in no way says to forgo medical treatment if you are sick , and those that do , probably wo n't be addressing their medical problem . can the positive affirmations and power of suggestion help you through your medical crisis ? i imagine it can , ( studies prove it can ) in addition to proper medical treatment . anyway , you might want to actually read the book , instead of making comments of what happened to " so and so " who did n't even read it or apply it , including yourself .
books neg 36.txt i was very disapointed in the book.basicly the writer took bits and pieces from books written by others , twisted their words and put his own spin on it.it repeats itself over and over being so repetative i had to put it down.there are good books out there written by people who were there.i suggest you take a look at those.i read many good one 's but this book wasnt in that catagory
software pos 533.txt i did not think that introduction to the game was going to end . i thought that i may be able to skip it but no luck . once into the game i believe that my child was enjoying the game and seem to be learning some great skills . lastly , you have to hit the " f " keys and " esc " to save and exit the game , not many program make you do that today . overall , i feel that this was a good purchase and i would have given 5 stars if functionally was better with program
dvd pos 614.txt ed friedlin is a monthly writer for bass player magazine . he covers in an excellent way how to slap , pop , mute , develop a groove , how to play with drum machines , ghost notes , and does some licks in larry graham , louis johnson , and marcus miller style and it is laid out in a very good manner . very good instructional video
dvd neg 409.txt my boyfriend and i went to this movie we both hated it . it was really pathetic . perhaps the fact that we actually know men who are engineers and physicsts who are like this is part of it . yeah there are people who cannot interact with women or people . it is pathetic . i would feel sorry for anywoman dating this man or any man like this because they lack confidence and are so hard to deal with . low self esteem . do you want to see a pathetic portion of the population yeah this is them there are actually people like this . perhaps it is funny , but just do not be around one of these people in reality . it is a painful reminder of how screwed up they are . not all men are virgins like this man , but some might as well be because they have no clue about women . they do not know how to open a door or hold a hand .
software neg 579.txt i was extremely disappointed in this " upgrade " . i had roxio 's easy cd creator 5 and loved it . that product allowed you to easily arrange your music on the dics , burn it , then create a lable or insert for the disc with almost no effort . almost everything was intuitive . creator 7 is a big step back in ease of use and utility . so they added a few new bells and whistles , so what ? the base use of this product is to make music cd 's and to create inserts . arranging music is not as easy as it was before . and the insert creator is so frustrating to use i do n't bother . in fact , i have continued to use creator 5 and have simply written off the fact i paid $100 for creator 7 - for nothing ! now , with a computer upgrade , creator 5 no longer works . i do n't dare try another roxio product ( just read the reviews for 7.5 and that appears to be a total waste of money ) . i 'll be taking my chances on anything else . . . not roxio
camera neg 283.txt i have owned the s410 camera for almost two years , when on new years eve i pulled out my handy camera , from the padded case it 's always in , and to my horror , the e18 error message appeared ! it has n't worked since . i paid $400 for this camera and canon would like $110 ( plus taxes ) to fix the problem - ridiculous . especially since this seems to be a very common problem with their cameras . i 've enjoyed the camera 's picture quality and ease of use , but what a waste to spend that much money to take pictures with it for just under two years ! beware of this flaw that canon does n't seem to acknowledge
music pos 177.txt this cd is great . it is a must have . picture yourself in the wild or on a lake in a boat and a thunderstorm comes rolling in slowly . you hear the rain , the thunder in the distance , you sense the storm getting closer . the storm is over head , loud piercing thunder claps and you duck for cover . the thunderstorm slowly moves out but the rain is a constant presents . the thunder rolls on but the wild life moves in , bullfrogs , owls in the distance , all the animals are alive now . this cd is all in one , the real deal . it is not all thunder . i love it . i also bought thunderstorm [rykodisc] ; this was a waste of money . to me , in my opinion it sounds like the storm just knocked the cable out , static and more static .
music pos 186.txt i love this soundtrack ! it stands alone as beautiful , haunting , alluring , and innocent- -just as griet herself was in the film . desplat perfectly captured the spirit of the story , enhanced and deepened a plot that was less than stellar . scarlett johanssen 's acting is superb , as well as essie davis and colin firth . the story , though , was a bit tired- -pretty housemaid / jealous wife / do-nothing husband . its portrayal of vermeer and his wife was a disservice to the real people , even though it is a fictionalized account . the two best tracks on this album are ' griet 's theme ' and ' colours in the clouds' . while i 'm not keen on seeing the film again , this soundtrack is a treasure . it 's a real work of art , second only to vermeer 's work
dvd pos 960.txt the hand of fear is not top-notch , all-time classic who . even producer philip hinchcliffe does n't like it very much . the only reason it was likely selected for dvd release over such classics as the seeds of doom or terror of the autons is probably because it 's sarah jane 's farewell story . many stories during the hinchcliffe / holmes years of who , sometimes referred to as the " golden age " of doctor who , sometimes referred as the " gothic horror period , " were based on movies . the seeds of doom was based on the day of the triffids . horror of fang rock was based on and then there were none . if not based on an actual film , many were " inspired " in general by the look and feel of the hammer horror films . the hand of fear was inspired by the hands of dr. orlac , the old horror film about the disembodied hand of a killer . the story starts out great , beginning with a fantastic in-joke . rock quarries were very frequently used in the program as they were easily accessible and somewhat looked like alien planets . here the doctor and sarah land in a rock quarry on earth , and sarah thinks they 're on an alien planet ! after an accident with a detonation , sarah finds eldrad 's hand , and starts saying she / he / it must live a lot . " eldrad must ! live " ( high note on " must " ) . she takes the hand to a nuclear power plant where it can start absorbing energy and regenerating . the story thus far is excellent , and sarah jane , possessed by eldrad , is genuinely creepy , though why she 's dressed as andy pandy i 'll never know . extremely effective is the scene were the power plant worker disappears with the hand into the core . also extremely effective is eldrad eerily searing through the metal door of the power plant 's core , and then slowly emerging . the show goes downhill quick once eldrad , doctor and co . head to eldrad 's planet . producer hinchcliffe said this was a bad shift and that it lacked a certain punch . i agree . for some reason , once eldrad is back on its home planet the story loses all its edge . furthermore , sarah 's farewell seems entirely forced . the hand of fear , overall , is still good stuff though , and is well worth owning . it is one of the few episodes that contains the cool version of the tardis interior . ( why they did n't stick with the awesome jules verne-ish interior i have no idea ! )
health pos 390.txt this is the best dispenser we have used . it attches to the wall easily , is eay to fill and is constructed in such a way that it has multiple uses . we purchased smaller ones to give as gifts-knowing others would like it also .
camera pos 708.txt it was n't the easiest thing to transfer photos from a computer and to delete the " samples " on the frame was no picnic either , but once learned it becomes easier . i went from frustrated to happy , soon enough
books neg 465.txt there is no doubt that antonia fraser 's " the journey " is written in the author 's usual wry , witty and highly engaging style ( although i must say that i never before heard of sex described as " lugubrious . " ) there is also no doubt that fraser has done a great deal to redeem marie-antoinette 's shredded reputation by accurately describing her as being compassionate to the hardships of the french people . the book is full of vivid detail which makes it very readable . however , i was disappointed to see that fraser resorts to many popular misconceptions . for one thing , why does fraser act like marie antoinette was the only princess to be sent away from home as a teenager to seal a dynastic marriage ? what about sophie of anhalt-zerbst ( catherine the great ) who was also a young stranger in a foreign land ? this sort of thing happened all the time - it was what being a princess was all about . i was glad that fraser did not fall into the myth of louis xvi 's impotence / phimosis and surgery and all that . she simplistically portrays him as being asexual , which was not true , because he told his aunt after consummating his marriage that he enjoyed " it . " but never has any other biographer subjected the reader to the spectacle of fersen and the queen fiddling with primitive prophylactics while consummating their grand passion . i must say , it is a first . fraser insists that marie antoinette slept with fersen for many years and yet gives no solid proof , while at the same time maintaining that she was a woman of high moral character . i usually do not think of a woman who is shared by both a lover and a husband as having a high moral character , but i guess fraser does . oh , well . it is such romantic fantasies that turn this book into more of a soap opera than a serious biography . i found it absurd when fraser insists that the tormented queen of france was ultimately a martyr for the cause of the socialism and democracy which the french people now enjoy . if the queen had had her way , her descendant would be reigning today , and that is just the reality of it . for a better study of marie antoinette 's relationship with her husband , i would recommend vincent cronin 's " louis and antoinette . " as for better biographies of the queen , let me join some fellow reviewers in the hope that the works of delorme and bertieres will soon be available in english
camera neg 286.txt this was the first digital camera i purchased . i am an adventurous person and wanted something that would stand up to my lifestyle . this camera was n't it . the good *it is compact , which is pretty convenient *it has several camera functions that have the potential to work well if you are techno-savvy . the bad *after snorkeling with it for 30 minutes , the camera leaked and broke . olympus replaced it , but only after my 2 month stay in costa rica was over . *the functions are unreliable and difficult to use . rarely if ever do i get them to work how i want . the pictures always need touched up afterwards , sometimes seriously . *the zoom sucks . do n't expect to get those awesome close ups they advertise unless you have some serious patience . *the image stabilization is a joke . you need a tripod or surgeons hands to take pictures that are n't blurry . *the user manual left me with a lot of questions
books pos 873.txt in self-hypnosis for women c . alexander and annellen simpkins have created an instrument , a book and cd combination tailored to both the novice and the familiar practitioner of hypnosis . the simpkins have masterfully crafted this guide to self-guidance weaving explanation and experience throughout the written and spoken words . provided are tools useful in addressing a wide array of events familiar to most on the journey of being human . while true to its title , self-hypnosis for women , offering examples of utilization directly fashioned to " experiences " idiosyncratic to women : menstruation , pregnancy , labor and delivery , and menopause , the title of this work belies its more universal " applicability " to components of life common to both women and men : self image ; pain management ; overcoming fear and anxiety , and finding personal balance . the book is prefaced with instructions on gaining the most benefit for individual readers . those who may wish to skip over the more basic instructions are advised to begin their journey in later chapters . those who are new to the practice of hypnosis , or enjoy viewing the history and techniques from others ' perspectives are offered just that in the earlier chapters . the story of hypnosis , and the modern history and research of hypnosis take the readers back to the early stages of identified systematic trancework , from mesmer , charcot and freud , to the contributions of hilgard , hull , and milton h . erickson ; they then procede to accompany the participant on the journey through current and future directions , including their own paths , on which they are about to embark . the simpkins define suggestion as " a process by which a stimulus is accepted and then transformed through unconscious processing into an action , experience , attitude or concept . ( p.45 ) " this presentation of suggestion sets the stage for an environment conducive to the development of a personal ability to self-guide . together , the book and cd promote the utilization of both conscious and unconscious processes as learning tools , assisting in the transformation from less popular emotions such as fear or sadness to components of life which offers guidance and assistance . specific hypnotic techniques , are explained , and accompanied by exercises which give the audience an immediate opportunity to begin experiencing and tailoring that procedure . the framework for these exercises is the suggestion of an " experiment " with that particular technique , creating an environment for the learner to safely attempt each new activity with no possibility of failure . the only opportunity not offered is that of incompetence . there is only a place to try , adjust , and retry each experiment until the reader fashions their own skill set based on personal significance and comfort . more than a " bonus " the accompanying cd is a work of art on its own . again , mixing explanation with experiential learning , this auditory tool incorporates fractalization as a teaching method , to assist the listener in entering and returning from graduated levels of trance exploration . a vast canvas is provided , upon which the hypnotic partner can create motor , auditory and visual experiences with encouragement and assistance , rather than direction or interference , a respectful approach not always found in " self-hypnosis " recordings . sharon mclaughlin ma , managing editor , milton h . erickson newsletter
camera pos 424.txt the zr500 and other low-end canon camcorders appear to be very fine products , well worth their price - - but if what you want is the simplest and easiest way to make perfectly acceptable amateur-level home videos , have a look at the rca small wonder . simple , rugged , totally easy to learn and operate , no frills but still some very neat features , takes perfectly adequate videos of your children , your dog , whatever - - and about half the price . bought one ; totally satisfied
camera pos 420.txt i love my new canon a710. large lcd makes taking pictures easy to frame , color and sharpness is good all around and needing only 2 aa batteries is great . i no longer need to search and buy special camera batteries , i can go into any drug store . only draw back on this camera is the size of the memory card 16mb . for a few bucks more put in at least a 1gig . overall rating for a camera in this price range - above average
dvd neg 60.txt jack nicholson in this shameless attempt at comedy plays a dog trainer of all professions who gets involved with an oprea singer who is caught up in the underworld of crime . critcally embarssing to nicohlson 's carrer but jack has done much better to cover this mistake . a minor film with good talent gone to waste , a film way below par considering the re-teaming of director bob rafelson & amp ; nicholson from & quot ; five easy pieces&quot
health pos 49.txt this blood pressure monitor is easy to use and works great
books pos 55.txt if you like math , i guarantee you 'll like this book ! the author starts out with some very nice infinite sums from 17th and 18th century mathematics ( newton , leibniz , the bernoullis , and euler 's gamma function ) . he continues into the 19th century with riemann and lebesque integrals , weierstrass ' pathological functions , cantor 's set theory , and winds up with baire 's category theorem . reading this book is like taking a guided tour through real analysis ( = calculus of one real variable ) with the math prof you always wished you had . its only prerequisite is a working knowledge of calculus ; the main points are explained very clearly , so the reader can skip through the book or fill in the details , and will learn a lot , either way . the book is very well written , and a great pleasure to read ; i highly recommend it , for students , fans , and teachers
dvd pos 10.txt i tried to rent this dvd from an online service about a week ago . unfortunately , the dvd was damaged and unplayable , but not in the usual way i 've seen before ( like a disc cracked all the way through ) . it looked like someone had turned the playable side face-up and tapped a small nail with a hammer on it . the cracks had that kind of splintery pattern like a broken window . anyway , i returned the copy and ordered another , which i received today . again , this one is also unplayable and is cracked in an odd way . i just reported this problem online to the dvd rental company and ordered a replacement copy . however , i let them know that they may want to check their inventory of this dvd as someone may be intentionally destroying the dvds . if i get another one that is cracked or unplayable in any way , i 'm going to just buy a copy because the movie must really have gotten under someone 's skin for them to do something like that .
books neg 357.txt i really thought i would be able to learn about the philadelphia project from this book , considering the title . however , the actual project does n't make an appearence until the last chapter . the entire book focuses on ideas that may or may not have contributed to a project that may or may not have taken place . this book was disappoiting to an extreme .
software pos 254.txt very easy to use and provides a very wide range of cards and other items . excellent product . dav
music pos 264.txt all i can say is you must try this !
books pos 173.txt carlton mellick the 3rd 's " punk land " ( a pseudo-sequel to his 2001 novel " satan burger " ) wastes no time in getting straight to the story . it is set in an alternate heaven for punks , where sid vicious is god and you are judged for entry not by st. peter but rather a number of gate attendants who decide whether or not you are punk enough . mellick 's trademark off-beat humor and sideways take on religion is ever-present , along with a slew of philosophical ideas mixed with a juvenile sense of mischief . although it is a sequel , it stands completely on it 's own . fans of satan burger will appreciate the references and the continued story of nan and mortician , but new readers are n't left wondering about a back story . and anyone with even a slight interest in punk rock or punk culture will be in well , punk heaven , with all the references to punk history and culture and appearances by icons including g.g. allin , henry rollins , and johnny rotten . the book is also full of illustrations , diagrams , photos and lists , which help to give it a wonderful multimedia type feel . you 'll find yourself torn between finishing the paragraph you 're in and jumping directly over to the flier for the " pbr pogo joust " advertised on the next page . this is a great book , a sublimely goofy sort of work that is effortlessly good but never takes itself too seriously . highly recommended for anyone who likes mellick 's work , but even more so for anyone who has never read any of his books . this is a great place to discover the works of a young , groundbreaking author who is only getting better with time
camera neg 428.txt ordered two frames from the third party source . neither on of them worked at all . it has been a nightmare trying to return them for a refund
health neg 959.txt this product is difficult to use and does not clearly cover the scratches on the lenses as advertised . there are bubbles in the product that do not clear up as it dries . i do not recommend this ! just get new glasses
camera pos 956.txt celestron 's tool is easy to carry , easy to use , and ( at least in my case ! ) gives me quick , precision collimation with my newtonian . why pay for a laser collimator ( which needs to be calibrated ) when you can use this ? collimation is the most important part of your setup ; without good mirror alignment , all you 'll see are blobs and blurs even on the best viewing nights . this combination tool makes aligning both primary and secondary mirrors fairly painless , and also fairly fast . highly recommended for any level of observer
music neg 312.txt i ca n't believe some of the songs on this soundtrack...they are horrible pieces of s$# ! ? * &%# ! #$ ! there are a couple good ones , but its not worth spending the money on for the c.d , not even at a used price.i ca n't believe they did'nt put " low rider " on the soundtrack , how cheap is that
camera pos 365.txt it is simple , handy and works well to prevent shaking your camera . but i am still doubt if this simple accessory really deserves 50 bucks.. . this wired release would be the choice only if you are not a digital rebel user who has a more reasonable price option for the additional shutter button .
books pos 927.txt this book is lovely , the perfect " medicine " for our hectic lives in this constantly-changing world . it has a lot of information packed in , yet is presented in a clear , straightforward manner . as i read the book , many things about my life and the way i react to change fell into place for me , and this book gave me not only new insights about myself , but also practical , positive ideas for better ways i can deal with change in my own life
music neg 167.txt no strings attached is to my memory one of the worst albums ever made.no one listens to the stupid boy bands anymore.this piece of c@#p does not sell even a thousand copies today unless the previous reviewer is buying up all the million copies himself.dont buy any album from n stync or the equally horrible justin timberlake.get any beatles album instead
camera neg 90.txt i bought this camera in february , and after taking 6 shots the camera almost died , i could review the photos i had taken , but when switched the dial to take photos the camera turned out black either the lcd / efv , and only turned off when i removed batteries , i sent it to fuji repair center , and got it back again almost one month later . then six months later the camera did exactly same thing , i have n't received my camera back yet , but i 'm sure never will buy a fuji camera again and of course my camera will died again in the next months after i get from the repair center and at the end of the day i will have wasted almost 500 dlls
health neg 191.txt it 's good for its purpose but not resistant . the lock that close the ball broke in the first use when i tried to open . the other one worked fine . it 's a cheap plast material , could be better and more resistant . but for now it 's ok since there is no other solutions for my bras . besides , this product is for medium and small bras . who has large sizes will have difficult to fit the bra in the produc
camera neg 872.txt i have been searching on line and elsewhere for a good camcorder as 1 ) a replacement for my jvc gr-d70u , which died , and 2 ) to go online with a video blog . after much study and evaluation , i chose the canon zr800 based on a salesman 's recommendation , frustration as to the number of choices which are available , and the presence of an external microphone jack ( which was one of my " must-have " options ) . after returning home , i read the review by miamian " new reviewer " , and felt trepidation . after charging the battery , i tried the camera . lo and behold , miamian is right . there is an obvious noise when recording , which was not present in my jvc . hoping against hope , i played the tape back , and , just as i feared , the tape had a pronounced hiss . this is not just tape hiss , but a much more pronounced noise , which transfers to the tv when watching . it rendered the camcorder totally unacceptable . i took the camcorder back , and , like miamian , ordered the sony dch-hc38. ( i know , it does n't have an external microphone jack , but after all this confusion , i give up ! ! why do n't they make more cameras with them ? ? ) the plus signs of this camera are that its menu is much more intuitively laid out , and selection of the desired item does not even require looking at the instruction book . the joystick selector is so easy to use , to select play , rewind , fast forward , stop , pause in the playback mode , and is also is used to select various menu items in other modes . the wide screen viewfinder ( lcd ) is so nice to use , and easy to see , all others ( in 4:3 ) become passe' . i did n't have any chance to evaluate other aspects of the camera , due to the unacceptable noise which demanded rejection of the unit . the picture looked ok ; it did not greatly impress me , however , and the automatic focus appeared to be slow and very noticeable in playback . in essence , caveat emptor ; especially if you 're hard of hearing . others watching and listening to the tape will not be
dvd neg 783.txt the dvd came in a timely manner , packaged well and i have had no problems with the item . it seems to be in great condition
music pos 431.txt sometimes , debut albums present an artist in full bloom , with an assured grasp on their sound and message . sometimes , debut albums are nothing but promise , pointing toward what the artist could do . public enemy 's gripping first album , yo ! bum rush the show , manages to fill both categories : it 's an expert , fully realized record of extraordinary power , but it pales in comparison with what came merely a year later . this is very much a rick rubin-directed production , kicking heavy guitars toward the front , honing the loops , rhythms , and samples into a roar with as much in common with rock as rap . but , damn if they do n't sound like they 've already conquered the world ! already , there is a tangible , physical excitement to the music , something that hits the gut with relentless force , as the mind races to keep up with chuck 's relentless rhymes or flavor flav 's spastic outbursts . and if there does n't seem to be as many classics here - - " you 're gonna get yours , " " miuzi weighs a ton , " " public enemy no . 1 " - - that 's only in comparison to what came later , since by any other artist an album this furious , visceral , and exciting would unquestionably be heralded as a classic . from public enemy , this is simply a shade under classic status
music neg 395.txt i gave this a good listen , but did not find it all that funny ... or memorable
camera neg 300.txt have had an olympus 4.0m.for 4 years and been very happy with it . as a gift i got this canon and was very diappointed in the color quality and sharpness . shot about 600 pictures people were blurred , not crisp and dim even on a sunny day . had to return it.do n't bu
camera neg 550.txt downside : 1. i 'll have to add my complaint to several others who had the same problem . the camera suddenly stopped working after nearly 18 months of having no problems . i switched batteries...let it set for some time without batteries or memory card in it...nothing is getting it to work . on top of that i now have a memory card with photos on it that i ca n't transfer to my computer without a working camera to do that . 2. not good with indoors pictures especially if you try the " night " mode . if you use that mode , even with a tripod , keep your subjects to still-lifes , only...if you photograph people and they happen to move even the slightest , they will at best be blurry , at worst they will look like double exposures . 3. indoors pictures set at normal mode , with or without flash , are no better and may even be worse than your standard cheap 35mm camera . upside : 1. through its usb cable , it booted right into apple 's iphoto software making the organizing and editing of photos that i took a breeze . 2. outdoors , with plenty of sunlight , gave me near-perfect pictures that got a lot of praise . kodak did well with this aspect of the camera 's ability , given the price . 3. we won this camera ( free ) so for me it 's almost all upside...except now i have to shell out $$$ for a good camera ( that will hopefully read my current memory card
music neg 283.txt i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. .
books pos 933.txt this was a book that finally answered my wife 's questions . she is a theologian ( main stream , liberal . evolution is ok ) and deals with science and religion frequently . she kept asking me of my biochemical research " is it predictive ? " . what she was asking was from my studies in protein structure could i predict the taj mahal ? i mumbled a great deal during those conversations . in this book mayr give voice and coherence to the chaos that is biology . it is not the science of physics , where one equation rules all . choices , and accidents happen , and they shape future development . that is who we are . i recommend this book to anyone really interested in what biology is , and what is can say about how it has arrived in this place and time . duke ou
health pos 56.txt this is the 3rd or 4th time i have bought this type of batteries and i am always satisfied with their performance . they are a great value
dvd neg 12.txt to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad . the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky ( rodney eastman ) was in the movie . ( for about 5 mins ) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars
software neg 639.txt i bought this product based on consumer reports review . i 've had norton and mcafee in the past which slowed down my system . my computer is slower to start up with zonealarm , but faster than mcafee while on . however , most of the time , i need to shut off zonealarm in order to access the internet - just like another reviewer . defeats the purpose do n't you think ? it also recognized my offices 's software as a virus and although i allowed access , it keeps showing it as a virus . i 'm going to have to go to another product .
music pos 433.txt i just love this cd . over 8 years ago my much older coworker turned me onto this album . it is definetly not just for st paddy 's day . this is an album you can listen to over and over . the sinead songs are a bit whiney , but she does have an excellent voice . you can not get better that mic and sting . sting 's song is just incredible .
dvd neg 529.txt this does n't really do anything for me.. . maybe if you have n't ever worked out before it may be a good beginning for you to start
software neg 15.txt this product could put user / customer 's life at risk . the mapping software navigates user turning into a one way street and takes you to a very remote off-road . this is the worst product that i have used in my life .
music pos 360.txt pinback blows me away . i consider my taste in music to be very diverse , with a tendency to love obscure indie rock-pop , from the last three decades ( talk talk , split enz to elliot smith and death cab ) . pinback delivers some of the best , most consistent music i 've heard in years . i started with summer in abaddon and was weak in the knees , then i acquired their debut album and could barely stand...and now , blue screen life has about knocked the breath right out of me . i have n't gotten through the entire back catalog because i ca n't stop listening to the three albums i have in my hands . words cannot express how fascinating this band is - intricate & complicated with a simple , straightforward delivery . their transitions are sick . they put their contemporaries ( death cab , the shins , the killers ) to shame . i love all of the aforementioned bands , but pinback slaughters them in delivering well conceived , perfectly executed , diversified albums that you can listen to from front to back , over & over . how many albums can you say that about ? they are heavenly . the standouts are xiy , boo , concrete seconds , bbtone , prog , pene.. . oh , screw it - every song is great !
health neg 575.txt these wipes were much thinner than i expected / remembered . i had to use at least 3 at a time . i wo n't buy these again
camera neg 273.txt i bought htis from amazon , and have troubles in playing back the video clips . almost evrytime , after a while , i do see " system error " on the screen , and then the firmware is hung . after a power-cycle , the last recorded clip is gone ! some issues with the basics...so i called sanyo service , they said this is happening because i 'm using a 4gb plain sd card . acc to the support guy , max of 2gb of plain sd is supported , for more gb , a sdhc card is needed . i could not find this info on the manual or spec...so i 'm not sure how true is this . if anyone of you know about this , please let me know . video is okay for my need...still is too bad . firmware is just about average..not too great . there is much scope of improvement to be more user friendly and more informative with lesser use of buttons . battery did not perform as promised in the spec . also , there are way too many components in the box for such a specialized product . i would expect those many in a robotics kit .
camera pos 184.txt i bought this camera for my sister , as an early christmas present , thinking i would need some time to set it up for her , well in less then 30 minutes i was ready , it 's a awesome camera , i was impressed , of the ease from set up to formatting the 512 sd card . i have sent the site to another sister whom is interested . it is the easiest camera to use and has features that will impress anyone , great photos from very close to far away . i would recommend this camera to anyone
camera neg 211.txt when i received the camera i thought of giving it a 5 star because the good looking and nice picture . after 6 months use , i wish i could give it a 0 star . it 's true it looks good but it 's very hard to hold the camera . it droped twice when i took pictures . also the lens is too small . the dirt is very easy to get onto the lens and very hard to clean b / c it 's small . thanks the dirty lens , the picture quality is worse than ever . the battery is very small too . after 6 months use , it can not hold enought power to shoot 10 pictures ! they have to put the buttons here and there to fit the small space . it 's not a user friendly camera .
health pos 895.txt the product was a gift for my mother who needs extra circulation in her feet . she loves it and it has helped increase the circulation
health pos 849.txt this is exactly what i needed for my macbook computer . it 's comfortable and keeps my laptop from sliding around . great
books neg 500.txt while " talk to the hand " is inescapably mediocre in comparison to " eats , shoots & leaves " , a book i found amusing , though not up-to-par to its new york times bestseller status , this book does have its moments . however , i was uterrly bloody appalled at the rudeness of lynne truss in presuming to make a comment that , despite whatever way she meant it , ended up sounding like she thought gluten intolerance was a choice . i find it interesting that she , or at least her editors , did not further investigate the disease ( which , indeed , gluten tolerance is ) before publishing such a degrading remark . oh , yes , bloody well sorry , ms. truss , for invading your rude , stay-home-and-bolt-the-door causitive world with yet another irritation which , i 'm sure , someone created just so you would have to sit in a restaurant and listen to someone else get special treatment for a fad diet . let 's just go and , well , obliterate a genetic disorder ! while we 're at it , we might as well just make the lactose intolerant drink milk . if it pleases and thanks you , ms. truss , we celiacs will eat cake . ( oh , bloody hell , did i just say " please " ? ) despite the fact that lynne truss makes this world out to be such a horribly rude place , i have to wonder if she 's experiencing the effects of projection . in explaining how rude we humans are , it was necessary for her to be quite rude , as well . it is not simply the celiac remark to which i refer : i also found her supermarket incident , in which a kid shouts at his mother , " i want that one , you effing bitch ! " , among others , a bit offensive . as a member of both the gluten intolerant community and the younger generation so responsible for this rudeness , i was often thoroughly appalled by this book . no , my friends and i do n't usually hold doors for each other , but , in general , i thank and get thanked in return for a money lend or a coffee downtown . frankly , i find myself more often in the perpetual motion of manners with my friends , as well as strangers , than in a cycle of rudeness which includes swearing for the sake of swearing and no regard for others . i can safely say that all of my friends ignore their cell phones if we are having a conversation , or , if they must answer , they apologize profusely before going outside to talk so they do not offend the people around them . i have to argue that we are not a select group . in today 's world , one sees what one expects to see ; one is treated as one expects to be treated . ms. truss , i believe , would find that perahps if she simply lowered her expectations slightly and gave out all the respect she possibly could , she would be surprised to find that , when people are rude , she cares less because she knows that she , at least , is doing her best not to be . if she did this , maybe she would be less likely to jump all over people who are rude because she would not be so worried about her own behavior . my last complaint is this : " gluten crap " ? you would think that such a sophisticated , eloquent ( as she is dedicated to proving ) person as lynne truss would have been able to find a better word to describe gluten than the third-year , am-i-not-so-cool-and-bitchin ' ( ? ) style word " crap .
camera pos 236.txt if you 're looking for a high-quality telephoto zoom lens that is fast enough to use indoors , you may have found what you 're looking for . the 70-200 / 2.8 lens produces beautiful results that are overall on par with the 135 / 2 prime lens ( although not quite as sharp ) . the main downside to this lens is that it 's big and heavy . i do n't mind carrying it around my neck on the camera so much , but when you go to use if you have to put extra effort into keeping the lens from shaking in your hands due to the weight . and it 's not exactly the sort of lens that i would want to toss into my backpack , just due to the immense size . if you do n't mind spending an extra $500 , consider also the 70-200 / 2.8 is ( image stabilization ) version of this lens . it weighs even more , but the built in is unit should help compensate for shaky hands whilst using the lens
camera neg 674.txt i have tried everything . firewire , usb . there was an insert in the guide that mentioned that you have to connect the cable first to your pc then to your camera , then turn on the pc then turn on the camera...then wait for the stars to align in the right order . if you do anything in a different order then your camera can get damaged . what kind of a crazy world does panasonic live in ? well , i followed the instructions to the tee , downloded the right drivers and all and yet my pc does not recognize the gs19 or the gs9. i have used both . the gs19 is a new purchase so this is definitely going back . i thought , this model would have gone away with the kinks but , no ! so , my panasonic recorded dvs are gonna remain on the tape . i will never be able to put them on dvds . what a joke , this camera turned out to be
dvd pos 629.txt i think pauly shore is much more talented then people give him credit for . it is not as easy at it seems to play the character he played in every single one of his films . but the problem is that he has played the same character in all the movies he made . frankly i dont think he made this movie or started his new reality show to restart his career , i think he probably knows that he is a living joke , i feel he is just trying to give people a laugh and i 'd say hes done that
books pos 197.txt first off , i loved the book cover - spine and all- - one of my all time favorites . it 's what first attracted me to this book amongst the other forward-facing covers on the store 's front table . then the title , i loved that just as much . both share the characteristics of being straightforward , to the point , and revealing . both are perfectly simple . i read most the essays and came to think that a . this guy really does his homework and b. he has a vocabulary more voluminous than the decimal numbers of pi . i constantly begged for my dictionary . it 's probably what gets him the press i knew before i picked this up : an intellectual snob . i guess he got that from the oprah incident . but i also guess that there 's lots of worse name calling that can happen to anyone in their career . what 's up with this culture that it 's so unacceptably horrible to be labeled an intellectual snob and so enviously warming to be called a pop culture icon ? the attraction to franzen 's work is that he investigates and reveals - in a binary way : he 's researching facts , he 's listening to feelings ; he 's processing both to give an opinion . the best example of this is my father 's brain in which he relates the alzheimer induced decomposing of his father 's brain . there is lots about the history and science of memory in this essay ; as much as there is about how a family discovers and lives with its loss . reading it you sympathize , you empathize and you learn . equally as insightful are : lost in the mail - a look into possible reasons behind chicago 's underperforming mail system the reader in exile - a great reflection on the intellectual and emotional fruits of reading first city - a historical and pensive piece about what pulls us towards cities meet me in st. louis - a piece that shares the two-sided feelings in a trio of situations ( including the oprah incident ) .
camera neg 955.txt this is a poorly designed camera case . you have to take the camera out of the case completely each time you shoot pictures . i expected the case to remain on the camera body and just uncover the lens so you can shoot . i was very disappointed . this is rather a leather box than a camera case
music pos 782.txt this is tha best master p album this and the movie this came out when i was and the 6 grade to lisen to this it 's emosional to me it reminds me of back n da day friends i knew all that my favrite song is mama raised me it gots bone , snoop , e-40 all no limit all them it 's a great album you can lisen to it most the way though it 's a great album gansta classic you gotta get this
camera neg 216.txt a close friend made the unfortunate mistake of plunking down 2 grand for this camera . honestly olympus produces cameras that can do the same thing for $400. i 've used hers and the image quality is horrible and the colours are wrong 9 times out of 10. if you 're going to spend that much on a camera , get the d70 instead and buy a nice extra lens or some other gadgets to go with . the pictures are better and it offers more mp
health pos 127.txt i am so happy with this product . i have chronic stomach trouble and this enzyme product has saved me from many days and nights of upset stomach . if i eat too late at night or eat the " wrong " thing , i just pop a couple capsules and no problems for the night
dvd pos 938.txt excellent comedy . good choice if you need a good laugh . rodney dangerfield and bill murray at thier bes
camera neg 326.txt i 'm a diehard nikon fan . my first nikon was a gift from my father when i was 13. since then , photography has been a serious hobby , having had a few photos published and even spent time working in a photo lab while in college . having said that , and after reading several reviews about people having trouble focusing this camera , i absolutely agree with them . someone responded by saying those reviewers have n't read the manual . baloney . i bought the coolpix l1 to replace a 4 year old coolpix 850. the l1 's camera 's focus feature works fine in the daylight and works for s**t indoors , especially with the macro settings . i 've been patient and have given it three months . i am fed up . this camera is going back to amazon in the morning
health pos 197.txt that 's the only way i can rate this product . if it taste great , then it gets a high rating from me
health neg 844.txt original purchase had two dead batteries , then a replacement set had the same results , it 's as if they were bundling two dead batteries with every order . but the bottom line says it all in fine print on the back down low " made in china " .
software pos 796.txt it installed without any problems . it runs without any problems . i am very happy with it . i am a convert from microsoft money . i am self employed and have one employee . my wife is also self-employed . we have twenty different financial accounts ( investment accounts , retirement accounts , checking accounts , savings accounts , a mortgage , a home equity line of credit and credit cards ) . we often pay business expenses with our personal credit card , as the credit card gives us frequent flyer miles for every purchase . quicken 2007 home and business allows us to do our personal accounting and business accounting all in one program , which makes it much easier . the one step update ( automatic downloading of our transactions and balances from financial institutions ) works with 17 of our 20 accounts . downloading data from the other 3 accounts requires some manual steps , but is still fairly painless . i like the online backup feature . it is inexpensive ( you pay a small annual charge ) and easy to use . i am not very impressed with the investment analysis features , although i have not yet fully explored them . i would like to be able to compute realized and unrealized annualized rates of return for individual positions or groups of positions , and it does n't seem like i can do that in this program .
dvd neg 321.txt when i received this dvd , i played it on my imac . when doing this , i discovered that there were chinese characters showing at the top of the screen . the quality of the dvd images were dark and grainy . i reported to amazon that they had unknowlngly sold me a pirated dvd , and i was saddened to not have a response from amazon other than refunding my costs . copyright is not only a law to protect publishers ; it also protects consumers from getting poor quality products . i feel that i can no longer depend on amazon to provide my dvd orders .
books neg 874.txt if we are to draw equivalent lessons from both the prague spring and street protests in the u.s. , as kurlansky attempts in this book , the connection should depend on more than that they simply occured in the same year . the reader is owed specifics , yet is rewarded with little more than vague platitudes . prague was a protest against a government which not only lacked representation and dissent , but prohibited it . chicago et al were protests against decisions made by a representative government , however flawed , resulting from open debate . a bigger difference could hardly be imagined . but kurlansky does see striking differences , albeit only in the post-1968 world . the soviet bloc began it 's decent to oblivion , while the capitalist west avoided the same . his disappointment in the latter is not hard to glean , though what manner of " revolution " he envisions is never rendered to specifics , likely for good reason . but who needs details when false equivalencies and empty platitudes will do
music pos 296.txt every thing he sings is perfect , i 've yet to find one song that does n't move me . this cd has some beauties . & quot ; daughter of mine&quot ; is priceless . & quot ; steal away&quot ; is very nice . & quot ; one small star&quot ; brings tears . this arrangement of & quot ; voyage&quot ; is probably the best i 've heard . his traditional songs ( & quot ; when you and i were young maggie&quot ; and & quot ; mary of argyle&quot ; ) are beautiful . i ca n't find anything on this cd i could n't listen to for hours . i truly love music and listen to it constantly . i find myself reaching for the mcdermott cd 's almost exclusively . i have them all , more please
health neg 541.txt skip this entire product . i made the mistake of purchasing it and stocked up on the scrubbing and non-scrubbing ( mopping ? ) pads . now , i ca n't find the non-scrubbing ones anywhere in my entire county . i think they do n't want to compete with their own product " swiffer " which they also manufacture . i emailed them and they suggested i buy online . i checked walgreens.com and drugstore.com and no luck . i imagine they will phase this out and you will be stuck with a wasteful " who gives a hoot " rod .
books neg 506.txt book goes over a lot of information in a very short time , but not much of that information is worth anything unless you 're building a circle-track or drag car . took the hit and ordered stanforth 's competition car suspension
music neg 133.txt listening to this album made me question my own life . it is simply unoriginal , boring and really bad . save your money
software neg 683.txt i bought this as christmas present for my daughter who will be traveling to italy this spring as part of a college course she is taking , and she will be spending a semister there next year as well ... she just called me for school to help her resolve an error in the installation : the install reaches 100% then states it has encountered an error , and quits . it remains uninstalled and is thus far unusable . an awefully expensive piece of plastic that does nothing . as a senior software engineer i 'd have been fired for less ... the rosettastone website / knowledgebase offers no information on this
health pos 560.txt i bought this vaporizer several weeks ago . i feel better after i use this . it created steam very fast ( about 2-3 minutes after plugging ) . you may have to fill some salt to make it create a lot of steam . however , a lot of steam means the water will decrease rapidly so if you want to use this vick for a long time ( about 12-20 hours ) , you may not need to use salt
books pos 281.txt this book still does not address many areas i find interesting in james brown 's career but i find it a natural companion to the three other jb books in my collection : cynthia rose 's " living in america : the soul saga of james brown " ; geoff brown 's biography " james brown " ; and ofcourse , the brown / tucker " the godfather of soul - james brown " . all three dig deep into this metaphysical musician 's mind but this one has a stronger narrative , a bit less guarded : his late ' 80s fall is described in a more contrite way , for example . his scientific study of his audience is perhaps something new in his dialogue - but he broaches the subject of how music motivates women in a different way than it does men , then immediately moves on to the next thought . even by 2005 standards his live albums contain some of the most overt sexuality , obviously directed at the female fans , ever recorded . similarly , his admonitions to admonishes contemporary rap / hip-hop artists are eloquent but must be deemed a bit self-righteous : there is alot of " adult " content in his catalogue which ca n't be explained away as " art " . however , fans can trace his development into more " cerebral " music , with more and more sensitive ballads and socially-conscious tunes being produced from the late ' 60s on . i was happy to read his description of little richard 's assistance in his early career , but a bit disheartened when he suggested that penniman was basically a rock and roll raver - i find it hard to believe that this publication brought out his true feelings about his georgia neighbor - the influence is quite obvious and not just on " chonnie on chon " . another depressing ommission is with marva whitney , his popular lead female vocalist from c . '67 to ' 70. a recent documentary reveals that marva traveled to vietnam with the star but here he simply says that he was only allowed to travel with a small part of his musical backup . despite the above concerns , with this book james brown has shown the literary world that he is a writer . ofcourse this was obvious to the musical world - just listen to " do n't be a drop out " , " i do n't want nobody to give me nothing " , " the man in the glass " , " i 'm not demanding " , " it 's christmas time " , and " peace in the world "
software neg 461.txt i had the exact same experience as another reviewer . ....loved it for years...changed formats...no confidence . at the last minute i had to use an accountant . the accountant cost me $650.00. $50 more than what i was over paying in taxes using this software . a disaster . it does n't look like it was importing data correctly , state navigation really was painful . i buy this software to try different senerios ( joint or single ) ...but this year it would n't do that . probably because they worry too much about getting paid for every user and not enough to assist people who bought the software . to my mind the software is crippled
books pos 288.txt i just recently discovered an interest in philosophical thought , and i found myself overwhelmed by all the resources available to me . i had no idea where to start when i stumbled across the philosophy gym . nothing could have been more appropriate . it dives right into all the hot topics and gave me some foundational knowledge about how to approach those issues from a logical standpoint . it introduces the reader to basic philosophical terminology as well as several of the great historical philosophers and their famous arguments . each topic is brilliantly presented in nice bite-sized chunks with suggestions for further reading at the end of each chapter . i could n't be more pleased with this intro to philosophy
music neg 799.txt mercifully , vh-1 has n't released the nauseating , moron-targeting ' i love the 90s ' dvd series ( yet ) , so you 'll have to settle for a similarly appalling companion soundtrack disc . this is precisely the kind of cd which should n't even exist anymore given the availability of this material on the internet , legal or illegal . there 's no rhyme or reason to the collection , and the songs you might actually want to remember...you probably already downloaded them . the source show is easily one of the most appalling projects mtv / vh-1 has produced in some time . it 's basically a bunch of ' comedians ' and third-tier celebrities talking about the 80s or 90s ( or rather , the highlights of what corporate product was released in 1996 , say ) with such fond memories and gusto , hoping the next generation ingests this poison with the understanding that mambo no . 5 was a ' good , memorable song ' for instance . avoid at all costs . take pleasure in denying tag team their royalties when you find their ' classic ' song on online...for free
health neg 410.txt i 've tried this razor for 5 weeks , both wet and dry and can only say that this is the worst electric razor that i 've ever used . it does n't give a close shave and requires a second shave with a standard razor to remove some of the stubble . i should have bought a new norelco instead of this . my old norelco always shaved me close . this panasonic would still be handy as a travel razor , or to be used in a pinch . but for a close shaving everyday razor , this is n't the one to buy . oh well , i waited too long to send it back
dvd pos 423.txt while it is certainly fun to watch just to see the performers , this history of rock simply does n't jell as a whole.by trying to explain the evolution of the music , the pleasure gets lost along the way.if you are a rock connaisseur , you wo n't learn many new things if you watch this.what you should do is take it as a starter point and then go further with documents who gets deeper with one particular field ( ex:motown or british invasion ) .as it is , it tries to cover too much ground at once and still manages to forget a few artists like emerson , lake and palmer and king crimson among others.it costs me $80 dollars ( canadian money ) for this 5 dvd set , which is too much for what it 's worth.rent it and enjoy the clips
software pos 102.txt i 've been using studio for years and while i definitely had reliability problems with studio 10.0 , 10.6 has been very reliable , and beta testing 10.7 shows me it is just getting better . i tried premiere elements but it was much harder to figure out how to do things , and it was much slower burning a simple dvd image , and it simply does n't do hd which i 've started playing with . i 'm sticking with studio and i make a dvd just about every week with my kids ' videos . i do recommend that you have a good system that is fairly clean
software pos 451.txt i really enjoy using this program , much better than what was out there 5 - 10 years ago when i last worked on genealogy . i love the ancestry.com feature , it is wonderful to go find your grandparents , great-grandparents and even great-great grandparents in the us census . i have found out a few things that i did n't know , unfortunately my mother recently passed away , and i have no one to verify some of it with . i would suggest that anyone contemplating this program gets it now , and starts working while you still have elders who can help you sort through the information you find . i also found a family tree out there from someone who only lives a few blocks from where we used to live . she has traced her family back to the 1500 's in germany...and it appears that they are related to us . it was strange to go to her website and find a picture of my great grandparents headstone . it was just another branch of the family . buy it
camera pos 677.txt this is not a high-tech digital frame . it does n't play mp3's . it does n't come with a remote . it simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . there 's an " on " button and an " off " button . there is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame ( though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet ) . it 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . if you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you
dvd neg 118.txt one of those cases where everything goes wrong in the making of a movie : low budget , unispired performances ( alexis denisof is particularly bad here ) , lack of decent screenplay for the actors to work upon , bad direction , despisable characters , cliched situations.. . how kinski chose to act in this one ?
dvd pos 919.txt robert redford has proved us his undeniable artistic gifts in previous occasions , but with this giant movie he really achieved that coveted pearl ; the state of art in all its wholeness . redford crossed over the traditional concessions and he got to prove art and cinema should not be divorced : good taste and profitability may gather and shake hands , if you respect the sensibility and intelligence of the spectator . this picture not only broke the walls and not only became the most ambitious , artistic and perfect american film in the last quarter of century ; besides , the mature and sensitive script around an awful event that will transform the livings and expand the reduced frontiers of two different ways of life , enhancing them when the tragedy became an unexpected gate for the bliss . redford ' s artistic personality has a secure place in the immortality and i really hope for him to bring us future films filled of that enriched vision where the rude vulgarity , the visible special effects big circus and the simple anecdote not only be absent ; and so the new directors to come , understand the true cinema meaning is art . thanks to his generous personal effort , for having created the sundance festival for new directors whose fruits will create new approaches and major visions . special kudos to him due that clinical eye for a very young actress in progress at those years : scarlet johansson .
music pos 263.txt so many times , older recordings are not very high quality but not with this group of songs . if you are a marty robbins fan ( and i am ) this cd is a must
camera pos 609.txt i love this rangefinder - much better than the type that shoots the prism on the flag sticks . you can use this one to find yardage to bunkers , creeks , etc. very accurate and very useful . well worth the money
software neg 300.txt i have used turbo tax for the past 3 years so this year like a drone i purchased it at amazon . great price by the way . well i receive the product and try to load it and find out as of july ' 06 it is n't compatible with windows ' 98. now i have to send it to turbo tax for a refund . its great that they are doing that but they should have put something on the front of the box . after a 45 minute call to turbo tax they finally agreed to credit me the difference of $20 for the purchase of their online software . the online software was the same exact program i purchased from amazon but they charge $20 more...go figure . it sounds fishy and deceitful to me . i will never buy their software again !
software neg 434.txt i wanted a new computer , so a couple months ago i ordered an hp computer that happened to have vista on it . i thought , " oh great , i 'll get the newest os as well " ... major mistake . 1. did n't work with my perhipherals , including my scanner and an hp printer . for god 's sake , the computer 's an hp , why wo n't it work with an hp printer ! ? if they knew the drivers for perhipherals were n't ready , why the did they release the os and force us to buy it ? 2. annoying security feautres , constantly asking permissions to install software . just like the apple ads- - a total joke . 3. after struggling with the damn thing for 2 days , i decided to try to install old trusty xp on it.. . $200 later , guess what ? you cant install an earlier operating system ! booting from the cd does n't work either , you get the blue screen of death . maybe some tech geek can do it , but i 'm done wasting time with this thing . 4. all that agony , for what ? the " fancy " interface ? who cares what it looks like , i just want to use my damn scanner ! i 'm sure all those slick effects suck up ram and resources , for what functional purpose ? just to look more like mac ? 5. ... speaking of which , i am now switching to . goodbye windows , after 15 years of struggling with your crappy software , i 'm done
software pos 747.txt when i got a new computer at the end of 2001 , the 2002 edition was installed on my computer by gateway . although i never used streets and trips ( and barely used encarta ) , i used word and picture it ! quite heavily . well , my hard drive died a few weeks ago , and i had to get a new computer . i bought microsoft works suite 2006 to go with it . i was a bit apprehensive because picture it ! was replaced with microsoft digital image standard 2006 editor . it took me a while to get fluent in picture it ! , and the idea of learning a new photo system was daunting . ( i write mostly for the web , and use pictures to accompany my reviews and articles- -as well as for ebooks . ) i have n't done any extensive work with it yet , but it appears easy to use if you have experience with picture it ! if you 've never used any image program before , it may be a bit confusing . ( i feel that picture it ! was more self-explanatory . ) however , for all that the works suite gives you , i feel it 's a good buy . word 2002 has advantages over the older version ( for example , you can easily insert images ) , and encarta may be helpful for kids doing homework ( or curious adults wanting to learn more about something ) . updating encarta is easy as clicking a mouse : just open up the program and click " update encarta " . new articles and updates will automatically be added to your computer . although i *still* do n't use streets and trips ( i go to mapquest reflexively ) , i still think this is a great suite for a great price
music pos 15.txt there is a saying in the construction industry " tripping over dollars to pick up nickels . " or in the regular world " ca n't see the black forest for the trees . " i doubt if there is an definitive rendition of all of beethoven 's symphonies . even the composers own conducted versions changed over time and from performance to performance depending on the players or his intentions . instruments were constantly changing and you know this guy was never satisfied , always stretching . we can only guess what his exact intentions would be today or tomorrow . what you want to remember is : 1 ) the first version of anything you seriously like will color your listenings of subsequent versions . you 'll be listening for qualities that are n't there and missing qualities that are there . 2 ) different versions bring us different views . is n't that a good thing ? sound in all it 's forms is preferable than a useless search for the best sound . i 'd rather have that kind of an attitude than the bickering negative perfectionist snob attitudes of some of the reviewers here . having said that.. . i love these versions . i 've had them for some time . i have at least 4 versions of the symphonies . these are clear , well recorded , dynamic and straight forward . beethoven 's passion , mental range and personal warmth are within . you can easily hear the information that beethoven wanted you to hear . probably better than he could . no make that clearly better than he could . ha ha ! these are solid , lovely , beautiful , and astounding . listen to them
software neg 696.txt this product is an absolute piece of junk . do not buy this product . will not even load properly onto computer . have wasted several hours trying to install product on windows xp platform with no success . i have wasted a whole day trying to install this piece of junk on my computer , now i will probably waste another day trying to return this bunch of garbage to the vendor .
health pos 590.txt i have not been overweight for many years , but i still have that last 5-10 pounds that just will not stay off . i have several issues with eating - i tend to eat very large portions when i am really enjoying a meal , i snack a lot , and i have a major sweet tooth . this product has taken care of all 3 problems . i am currently taking 1000 mg 3 times a day . i plan to cut back a little once i 'm at my target weight . i find that this dosage will generally suppress my appetite and / or urge to eat for 3-6 hours . it 's odd for me to experience hunger without cravings and a frantic urge to eat...but that 's what the pills do for me . most of the time i can tell i 'm hungry only because my stomach is growling and it has been several hours since my last meal...but i do n't feel like i have to eat anything right away . i can go grocery shopping when i 'm hungry and not make poor choices , and even when i finish up at the gym after work i do n't feel ravenous anymore . i definitely get full faster . it does n't feel like it used to when i overate , i just can tell i 've eaten enough and i stop . what a concept ! and often i can just have a bite or two and be good for another 30-60 min if i 'm too busy to sit down and eat . my urge to snack has really been curbed . i still have one or two snacks most days , but they are much smaller and often more healthy . now i can actually stay up several hours past dinner without making another mini-meal , which i used to do almost every night . hoodia does not completely kill my appetite , it suppresses it quite a bit but more than anything it takes away all of my cravings . that is definitely my favorite part - i used to crave sugar from morning until night practically every day . since my first day on these pills , the only time i 've had sweets is when someone has offered me something . i 'm able to eat just a little and not wish for ten times more . it does not occur to me to go to the vending machine at work anymore , or buy candy when i 'm shopping . maybe even more than the weight loss , the emotional benefits of these pills are incredible for me . i 'm no longer berating myself constantly for overeating or having too much candy or dessert . i 'm not depressed all day anymore because my favorite pants have gotten snug , and all i can think about is why i do n't have the willpower to prevent it . i would definitely recommend this product , especially to anyone who has issues with food like i do
camera pos 482.txt i 'm very happy with my camera . i recomend it for anyone . various funtions , the sofware included is good as well
health neg 357.txt i 'm very sorry , but the universal remote control was not what i expected.like , when i want to turn on my tv . the vcr came on and visa versa . but the company was very helpful and quick to let me send it back and refunded me my money.very pleased about the service , thanks.regards yoka van dijk .
camera neg 601.txt great camera for the price . but i guess you get what you pay for , bad warranty.......... .
dvd pos 495.txt i mean that statement in two ways . first , in my humble opinion , this is martin scorcese at his finest . this is better than goodfellas by a wide margin . all of the regulars give awesome performances in this ( even sharon stone , who i ca n't stand ! ) . if you like mafia pictures , this is the best one to own . i also mean that it 's a great picture due to the fact that it 's on hd-dvd . the picture is astonishingly vivid and clear and the lights of las vegas really jump out of the television . it 's almost 3-d ! the extras are ample , but i 'd say adequate . that 's the reason i give it 4 stars instead of 5. there is the obligitory commentary , deleted scenes , and a couple featurettes . it 's all whipped cream and a cherry on top of an excellent sundae ! i do like that you can watch the extras and the movie at the same time with commentary running . this and batman begins are the reasons you should own an hd dvd player ! note : i have the hd dvd drive attached to my xbox 360 and it works brilliantly !
software pos 6.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered blindly for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the confounding quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional design stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone .
health neg 962.txt you truly get what you pay for . what more can i say
health pos 819.txt i really like this curling iron.. . - and you definitely ca n't beat the price ! it heats up very quickly , and gives me great curls . the key to working with large barrel curls are to use a mouse or cream to texturize your hair . then , after you curl , make sure to take a blowdryer on cold / low setting to lock the curls down . i always receive so many compliments on my hair ! !
health pos 738.txt i bought this dryer based on other people 's review . it is an excellent dryer . the air flow is strong and it dries my medium to long hair faster than my old one ever did . i did n't give it 5 stars because it is a bit heavier than most dryers...however , since it dries my hair fast , my arms do n't mind the weight . : ) 2 thumbs up in my book ! !
camera pos 488.txt after owning and using the camera for a month or so now , i am delighted with it . i have only replaced the batteries one time , so do n't know what the review hullabuloo about that was for . small lightweight , many features . choice of 6 meg , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , and 1 meg photos at fingertips . what i really decided on this camera for was the macro capability as i take photos of very small coins , and must be able to get in within an inch or two to do that . it preforms magnificantly . my previous camera had to add additional lens to do this which was a hassle . i love the samsung digimax s600.
books neg 417.txt having read a few bosch books already ( the closers and lost light ) , i realized that i should probably start at the beginning to get better insight on how bosch became the bosch i was reading in the later series . however , i was very disappointed with this book . one of the most irritating aspects of this book was the grammatical errors ( mispellings and such ) . i found 3 or 4 in the first 50 pages ( before i stopped reading ) ! i thought it was ironic that connelly was thanking his editor at the beginning of the book , because it did not seem that anyone was editing this book . also , i found the book to be too gritty . it lacked the emotion and soul that i found in the later books . it seemed that connelly was trying too hard to make bosch fit this certain mold , but then transformed the character to be more likeable in the later books that i read . so it was disappointing that this book could not hold my interest because i just finished reading the narrows and loved it , and will probably pick up some other bosch books and just read it out of order . connelly 's writing seems to be getting better and better , which should explain why i did n't enjoy this book and could n't finish it . i gave it 2 stars because it might have gotten better and maybe i was too impatient . this is one of those series that seems like it is better to read out of order
camera neg 912.txt if you are looking to take high quality pictures , then look elsewhere . it is nice for taking quick snapshots with the family or what-have-you , but not much else . ( or for a beginner in photography or a child . ) you have to hold very still if you do n't want your pictures to come out blurry . also , the flash makes images far too bright and if you do n't use the flash it sometimes makes images come out far too dark . the only thing i like about this camera is it 's size . it 's great to just keep in your pocket or your bag.. . anyway , i 'm buying a better one soon
books neg 277.txt the literature of september 11 is never attacked . when a book speaks of september 11 ( or of terrorism in general ) , it is more or less guaranteed immunity from criticism ; it will almost inescapably be greeted with sympathy . jonathan safran foer 's extremely loud and incredibly close banks on such sympathy , on such reverence . the narrative , which concerns a nine-year-old boy named oskar schell in search of a key that would unlock / unshell the enigma of his dead father ( a narrative stolen , in its basic outline , from guenther grass 's die blechtrommel ) , could have been written entirely without its scattered references to the terrorist interventions . nor is this trauma the only one presented in the novel : the others include hiroshima / nagasaki , the staten island ferry crash , and the dresden bombings . each disaster is generalized to the point at which what is addressed is not a traumatizing event in its specificity , but historical " trauma " itself and the overcoming of trauma through bereavement-inspired creation . oskar , the insufferable brat , attempts to complete the work of mourning for his father , thomas schell , jr. , a victim of september 11 , by compiling an almanac of self-inflicted wounds , the collage of images and letters which is the book we are " reading " - --an almanac which , most likely , is written sometime in the indefinite future ( thomas shell , sr. 's manuscript of 4 / 12 / 78 is heavily edited ( pp . 208-216 ) . who has done the editing ? almost certainly an older version of his grandson oskar ) . if the term , " reading " even applies . whenever a " pregnant " image is described , foer literally re-presents it in the form of a pictorial image . when a flock of birds rises into the sky , it is not enough that we read of these birds- --we must see them as well . words may not be left in their invisibility ; we are presented with supplementary photographs , illustrations , since mere verbality is not enough . ( indeed , the entire novel oozes with misologos - - - the mistrust or hatred of language - - - in terms of both its content and its form . ) photographs , yes , and also a superabundance of blank pages and nearly blank pages . space is not used in the manner it is in the works of edmond jabes , for instance . typography does not substitute for a well-wrought sentence . foer abrogates himself of all responsibilities - - - most specifically , the responsibility to write well . why bother when the pyrotechnics of typography are at his disposal ? as far as the writing is concerned , it is composed of nothing other than mind-numbingly , soul-deadeningly repetitive phrases ( " heavy boots , " " raison d'etre , " etc. ) and sunday school platitudes : " sometimes one simply wants to disappear " ( 184 ) ; " there 's nothing wrong with not understanding yourself " ( 184 ) ; " everything that 's born has to die , which means our lives are like skyscrapers " ( 245 ) ; " how can you say i love you to someone you love ? ... it 's always necessary " ( 314 ) . whenever the author writes something that he finds " beautiful " and " true " ( 165 ) , he congratulates himself on his brilliance and tells us that that thing is " beautiful " and " true . " the entire book reeks of such unearned profundity . we also learn that most dust is made up of human detritus- --a very deep truth indeed , one that foer also communicates in his essay , " emptiness " ( originally published in playboy ) with all of the sanctimoniousness and self-righteousness of the faux naif who serves as the center of the novel , a sunday school lecture in which we learn that famous musicians ( ringo star ) and scientists ( stephen hawking ) are unthreateningly approachable : everything is familiarized . perhaps it is wrong to criticize foer for including so many blank pages in extremely loud and incredibly close , since the entire book is a vacuum : null space into which readers may project their own meanings . joseph suglia , ph.d . , the author of watch out
books neg 400.txt we have to use this book for the college class that i 'm taking and it is a horrible book . i often find myself looking for help on the internet rather than going to this book . it is poorly organized , i have to go to the index in order to find something i specifically need because the book is n't in any order . i would n't recommend this book to anyone . find another there are many more
books pos 166.txt i am married to a native new yorker and we spent an entire weekend looking over this book and talking about many of the wonderful places it mentions , many of which we still visit today . as an extra bonus for avid cooks , there are recipes . for anyone who remembers luchows or any of the other venerable , now closed restaurants the book mentions , it will take you back to happy times and good memories . it 's an excellent book and clearly schwartz has poured a great deal of research into what is his labor of love .
dvd neg 670.txt this edition of the film sucks and sucks again . the wide screen version of this is a masterpiece - without the widescreen ratio this edition cannot be true to the comic book sensibility that bava intended . each shot was carefully composed ( and not intended to be butchered ) - this edition is a travesty - - especially when it 's purported to be put out by fans - do you 're homework . there are also scenes missing from this print , scenes that are important and add to the overall ambience . hey i thought the folks behind this were enthusiasts - - instead its just sloppy and self indulgent . look for the earlier laser disc edition ........... as for the extras do we really need the - it 's great because i used it in my video slop .... and it 's great because i did a bad homage / rip-off slop . the documentary in the extras takes great pains to point out that this film was intended to look like a comic book and that 's what was great about it . then when you watch the film what you get is less than a third of the original image ! strikes me a total scumminess . all in a all a fabulous opportunity wasted ... by a few lazy lard-asses with a quick-fix mentality .
health neg 708.txt maybe my toenails are just too thick , but this cutter just is not heavy duty enough to cut them.. . i threw them away upon first use . my old toenail cutters were the same design but i do n't know who made them...they worked fine.. . heavier duty metal and much sharper . these are junk imho
dvd pos 185.txt phantom quest corp. an action / comedy film about the drunken , karoake singing , party girl ayaka and her friends taking on paranormal enemies , from dracula to a possessed surgeon , mummies , and even magical monks . this movie is a comedic romp through the world of supernatural events . the only set backs on this flick can be that the theme songs can get a little annoying after hearing them too many times , the series is too short although it was still good . the video quality was also pretty nice , and subtitles were understandable and on que . the plot is sort of like scooby doo without the guys in masks , but more action and laughs . all in all this film is a great buy and worth the money spent . a great addition to any anime collection .
camera pos 171.txt 2 years of heavy use - not even one little bitty problem . they 've traveled well under harsh conditions , and they still function wonderfully . there you go
dvd pos 622.txt this was a very interesting movie . a friend told me to watch this movie after i told him that i really liked the movie the skeleton key . i think i liked the skeleton key better.. . but this was still a really good movie . there are a few scenes with nudity in it . not a movie for the youngsters . we had to stop the movie a couple times to talk about it and at the end my husband was the only one who guessed how it was going to end . a good movie if you want a movie that keeps you guessing
camera neg 113.txt i was expecting much more from this flash , i already started looking for the better one . if i knew this was a closeout item i 'd never buy it . it died on me with no indication , sent to canon fixed and returned with a big scratch on it . now it does work but sometings wrong with recycle time even with brand new duracell batteries.. . save money and buy 5xx series flash. .
camera neg 367.txt very disappointed in this product and amazon 's response to the problem . item clearly shows that a metal neck strap is included and until i complained that it was not included , this was still written up as being part of the accessary back at time of complaint but since been changed . they have told me they ca n't supply the missing part ( the metal neck strap showing in the photo ) as item comes from a freight forwarder . i did not get what i paid for and unable to return because item has been forward shipped out of the country
software neg 906.txt i gave this a 2nd star for a support call ms provided . if you do have a frontpage server , and have it set " on " , it had some advantages over ftp . i bought it for use on our family website which is mainly pictures . i 've used 6-8 programs for creating galleries over the years . i think a perl script using linux ' mogrify worked best . this works worst ! the free ones w / the digital cameras beat it . frontpage is missing the most fundamental piece to view photos - a next / previous button . you can choose from several thumbnail displays including a cool mosaic / colage type thing . once you expand it , you must remember the shot you were on , back up , and then click on the next one ! unbelievable . i know what i need for handling photos efficiently . flicr has it - cross-tab indexing of the same photo . i think picassa is close and getting closer . this was n't worth the cost of picassa - free
dvd neg 55.txt i saw all the revies for this movie and was expecting a dark enjoyable tale about a libtertine . i was strongly mistaken . johnny depp is a great actor with great abilites , but this is the worst movie of his i have ever seen . even his " cheesy " movies were better than this . the rated r rating is light . i could n't believe how pornographic it was . even in quills , it was n't as raunchy as this . do n't waste your money or your time with this one
dvd neg 790.txt quite possibly one of the worst movies of all time . clive owen is really cool , but not in this movie . angelina jolie 's polital agenda totally fueled this film . what a waste of time
health neg 946.txt the product is great , i already have the uni-lateral one and it rocks , so i wanted to buy the bi - lateral aka 2.. and two times they have sent me uni ones that were labeled as bi. . so your best bet is to bi 2 uni 's by themselves until amazon fixes the problem. .
dvd neg 311.txt we got jason in space and we get pinhead in space . this is pure nonsense . words of wisdom to the makers of these sequels : when you start putting horror movie villains in space to kill people , it 's time to stop making these movies !
health neg 812.txt i have been using an electric shaver for 30 years.i have gone through 3 different syles of shavers this past year since my old remington died . none of them work well . what gives remington ? ? ?
software neg 171.txt this computer system , although almost universally accepted , can be beaten in quality and flexibility by an operating system that can be downloaded for free , such as the fedora project ( a distribution of linux , a os which can be changed by anyone for free ) , or bought from software company supporting these open source project with unlimited customer support for around 50 ( $90 ) or less
camera neg 817.txt i 've just returned this unit . it does n't play videos as advertised . i was able to get it to properly play .avi files at 320 x 240 resolution...see other review below . but 320x240 gives a postage stamp size picture . at 640 x 480 the playback was full size but jerky and broken....more later . i have now had 3 different brands of 8 " photo frames in my possession : a phillips , a pandigital , and this coby . i have developed the following list of features in my " ideal " photo frame . first , video playback : i 've been taking a lot of video clips with my digital still camera...they come out well and the convenience of not having to lug my camcorder along , and the ability to quickly transfer clip files within / between chips and my computer is attractive . i would like a frame which will play the format my camera is taking ( .mov , more later ) i 'd also like the frame to play a multi-media show...that is , to play movie clips in show presentations , intermixed with .jpg photo files . second feature is to play .wma music files , in addition to mp3. this is because i have a non-ipod personal music player . all my music is in .wma format because it is roughly half the file size of mp3. third , i would like a timer on my frame...set it to come on in the morning , off at night , for example . fourth , i 'd like an audio or speaker out feature . none of these frames has home theater-like sound , and i have an extra pair of computer speakers i 'd probably hook up . video out could come in handy too . fifth , i 'd like to be able to rotate stills from within the frame 's software , manually or automatically . yes , you can rotate them in the computer , but the frame may or may not preserve the rotation . ( this may depend on which photo edit program you are using . ) sixth , i 'd like a folder hierarchy file management system in the frame 's software . especially with the huge chips now available , i see an advantage to push a couple of buttons and change the picture set ( folder ) , rather than switching out chips . here is where the 3 units i 've had stack up , followed by my next ( fourth ) unit . i am keeping the pandigital....which costco has for $140. it plays .mov video files , but not within a slideshow . it has no speaker out jack and the sound is tinny . it requires mp3 music files . it permits picture rotation . no folder management system . no clock / timer . no ability to play stills / video intermixed . i think the coby and phillips picture quality is brighter but the pandigital is ok . the phillips did n't play video , and since it also had a software glitch when i returned it i decided to look elsewhere . ( no remote and no music with the philips either . ) the coby wo n't play my videos , even after i used my converter program to try about 10 different mp4 and avi variations . the coby plays .wma music files , wo n't rotate stills , has no folder system , no clock / timer . it has a speaker out jack . it does not permit intermixing video and stills in one multimedia show . picture quality is fully equal to philips , generally the recognized standard . if all you want is photos , and never turn your camera sideways , this unit will be a good value . another unit i 'd like to get to play with would be the image moments model by digitalfoci . i 've exchanged emails with someone there who clearly knows what they are talking about and i believe this unit will intermix my photos and videos .
software pos 202.txt not bad , however , in version 10 , was able to use cntrl + to zoom in . used the + on the number pad - - now this function does n't work , and the only + that works is that in the top row of the keyboard . the zoom out " - " in the number pad still works , but not the plus . i say that 's not good . why ruin things with an upgrade
books neg 530.txt i do agree that books containing racist positions should not be given to children without a strong and fully aware comment . but i simply cannot stand to buy a sanitised version of a book without being aware of it . this is called censorship , and it gives me the creeps . as a parent , i have had enough real life opportunities to prove racism wrong to my children . so to realise that somebody has been cheating on me , trying to do my job so that i did not have to explain how society has evolved , how difficult it has been for minorities to be recognised and respected is just a fraud . this review is about the harper collins edition , edited by patricia c . and frederick l . mckissak , illustrated by michael hague
books neg 571.txt i have read this book , mr. moon 's & quot ; divide and quit&quot ; , mr. khosla 's work , & quot ; stern reckoning&quot ; amongst others on the subject of the partition . ms. butalia 's work is so saturated with her personal opinions and idealogy , that it almost ceases to be a work on history than the airing of one 's thoughts and mindset . almost a diatribe , if i may . i will agree with what john_galt_who has written . i think he has hit the nail on the head . i did not consider this book worth either the money or the time
camera pos 641.txt this case is the perfect size to hold our sony camcorder and a few blank tapes . we purchased it for a cruise , because we wanted to carry-on the camcorder and have it protected , but not have to lug the large case we owned that holds all the accessories . this smaller case still protects the camera and allows room for some extras
music pos 965.txt if you are looking for true hip-hop , this is a must for your collection . four of the best lyrist in the game is all on one cd . quit buying those fake ass hip-pop albums and get the real deal . from the production to mcing its all there . matter facts get 2 albums so when the first one is used up you 'll have a fresh one in the stacks .
books neg 962.txt this is where ordering a book through the internet is a little disappointing , as you ca n't browse the book before purchasing it . & quot ; camping activities for kids&quot ; is very light on the & quot ; activities . &quot ; it does a good job of laying out items that should be brought along on ones first camping trip , but falls short on suggesting outdoor activities for kids . the activities that are suggested are a little simplistic . for example , & quot ; laying sticks apart from one another and pretending it 's a river , and then have the kids jump over it and playing golf with sticks and using pine cones as balls . &quot ; i was hoping for more endepth activities . if it 's your first time camping this books okay , but if you 've camped for awhile and your kids are a little older the book falls short so look for something else
camera pos 88.txt i 'm new to the digital slr world . i had been using the built in flash on my rebel xt . the built-in flash had done alright , but was nothing to write home about . since i had spent most of my money on the camera , i needed a flash that was both affordable and would get the job done . this flash met both requirements . if you are an advance user , you will want a higher end flash because the flash has limited adjuastable features . yet , if you a newbie like me , this flash is great ! it has improved my picture quality dramaticly .
health pos 412.txt accurate scale - records use of two different users plus guests ( or your chlidren ! ) remembers prior info . body fat % is a great and fairly accurate feature . these combined features make it worth the cost . plan on reading the manual to set up
music pos 944.txt the first time you play this cd you 're just gonna hate it . promise ring 's third album is the opposite of this . very emergency is super catchy and tight but you get sick of it quick , there 's just not much there . that understood , this album will rock you for years . it grows on you . at first listen it sounds like really bad emo demos . like the faceless band you saw open for fugazi the last time they hobbled into town . no hooks , no choruses , lots of really bad singing and sloppy guitar [with the drums mixed way too loud , an emo thing]. on the 100th listen , if you make it that far , it will sound like an old friend yammerin ' on about the good old days . trust me , it 's a desert island disc in the making , i envy those of you just discovering this cd
health pos 446.txt unlike many of the other reviewers , i actually bought this shaver to use on my head . i have been shaving my head for the past 2 years and during that time have used a panasonic es8066. it was a fine product ( able to be used either wet or dry , unlike the braun ) , but i had no idea that upgrading to the braun 8985 would make such a difference . i shaved my head in one third the time it took me using the panasonic ! no longer did i need to keep going over the same spot again and again . the braun took off the hair in one or two passes , cutting just as close with considerable ease and less irritation . i ca n't believe i wasted two years shaving with my old shaver ! i know panasonic has since come out with new and improved shavers , and i ca n't comment on its new vortex shaver , but i know i wo n't be returning my new braun any time soon
books neg 883.txt what this is : an epic adventure . it would be imappropriate to review the wot series when speaking of the prophesies of the dragon book ; it 's also not really a supplement akin to , say , the monster manual for d&d- -the only extra skills , feats , backgrounds , etc are those directly related to npcs in the campaign . what prophecies is designed to do is take a party of characters through their first six levels of adventuring , which correspond roughly to the first six books of the series of novels . the players are allowed to play a key behind the scenes role in the story of the novels and cameos have been scripted for many of the book 's key characters . it 's a really ambitious undertaking ; players have to be given a compelling storyline , feel like they 're making a difference in a campaign that covers over a year of game time , without letting them change what happens in the novels . does it work ? i am currently gming this adventure . on paper , it looks really good . some of the scenes , especially in the later parts of the story , look exciting , moving even . faile 's cameo is perfect , for example . in practice , though , it 's been an extremely frustrating experience . first , the early encounters ( as pointed out by another reviewer ) are unnecessarily difficult and add nothing to the plot . as things progress , the authors presume too much on the goals and motivations of the players . there is one chapter , for example , where the introduction says something along the lines of , " upon entering the city , the players will want to find ( a certain npc ) as soon as posible and will definitely want to investigate the actions of ( another npc ) . " the players in my campaign knew they wanted to talk to one of these guys eventually , but the other one was off their radar completely . throughout , i 've had to improvise ways to keep them approximating the plot line of the campaign and by chapter 3 , they 're feeling very manipulated . the campaign assumes the party wants to do nothing more than hunt down dark friends and expose evil plots and will take great personal risk and go through great hardship ( including , at one point , a monthlong trek through a winter wilderness without adequate provisions ) on the chance of thwarting same . characters with any other motivations ( say , a character modeled after mat or nynaeve in the books ) will feel forced into situations unnaturally . there has been more than one point where one of the players saying , " i *think* this is where the plot wants us to go . " so , in conclusion , while this adventure is excellent in its dreams and scope- -and it 's definitely better than something i could have designed myself- -but it will fail often fail as a game . if you are intending to run a wot campaign , buy this adventure , read it so that you thoroughly understand its scope before you even let your players make up characters . the characters need to be created to fit the story or the story wo n't work
camera neg 764.txt do n't be fooled by the enticing 6 megpixels that this camera offers . i 'd been waiting along time to upgrade from my 3 mp nikon coolpix sq as the prices of the higer resolution cameras continued to drop . what 've i 've discovered , however , is that there is so much sensor noise in the full resolution 6 mp images from this hp camera that the additional resolution is worthless . the images look absolutely horrible . my little nikon sq with it 's lower resolution produces much sharper pictures at every image size . do your homework and make sure that the sensor in the camera you 're buying is a good one
health neg 546.txt this scale was off by about 10 or 15 pounds . i went to the doctor a few days after getting this scale and i was so relieved to find out that i was not 10 pounds heavier than i feared . do n't waste your money on a scale that wo n't give you an accurate weight
health pos 884.txt i 've used this for quite some time now and really like it . i do n't have the trouble with the toilet flushing that others seem to - but i suppose if you have one of those one-gallon regulated toilets , you 'd probably have some trouble with this paper . it is thicker and tons softer , but it does a wonderful job too on things like runny noses , running cat 's eyes , cleaning the bathroom sink , mirror , you name it . it 's pretty strong stuff and i highly recommend it
health pos 635.txt i have used this twice a day and love it . best buy at this price
software pos 988.txt my sister have been uesing it since i bought it for her and i think she like it
health pos 203.txt this water jet is excellent . it allows you to have a separate chamber for water and mouthwash . it also comes with different attachments for your gums , teeth and tongue . excellent product at an excellent price
books pos 878.txt i am a huge thomas hardy fan , and i was not disappointed with this book . at first all the technical astronomical information was slow , but the love story started and that was forgotten . my only complaint about two on a tower is the ending . it seems very rushed - everything comes crashing together in about 10 pages . it was n't realistic for viviette to age so much and no longer be beautiful 4 years later , considering she was only 33 at the end of the story . sir constantine was possessive , jealous and terrifying but she still kept her health and beauty after suffering with him . the bishop was full of himself - how is that worse ? a few years with him and all of a sudden she 's an old woman with a heart condition ? swithin comes back and says he 'll marry her , she 's overcome with joy and boom ! she dies in his arms . i also find it strange that neither swithin or viviette acknowledged that the boy was his . did n't people in the village realize who he looked like , since people were already suspicious of the lovers ? what will happen next , swithin takes his son in and marries tabitha lark ? a very good , sad , complicated romance
health pos 616.txt i have used every diaper in the market and narrowed it down to pampers and huggies , i have a big 21 month old baby and been looking for the perfect night time diaper with no leaks ! ! my son still fits in the size % diapers but this is the one we specifically use at night and been really happy about it , no leaks , no gel coming out of the diaper and defintely a happy baby when he wakes up in the morning !
dvd neg 712.txt i resent the comment of the reviewer who said this is the worst film in 100 years . i make it 200. the other reviewers have noted the idiotic factual mistakes that makes this such a howler . i just loved the u.s air force personnel with scottish and english accents . they must have overrun the $500 budget at that point .
music neg 226.txt although prince is an utter genious ! this cd is merely a boring contract filler . i suggest you buy one of his older albums or the new album " musicology " instead
books neg 71.txt one of the spotlight reviewers says that by combining two great characters- -sunny randall and jesse stone- -robert b . parker has doubled our fun . quite the reverse . he has cut it in half . the characterizations of sunny and jesse are enormously feeble ; and the the rest of the characters are no great shakes , either . sunny 's irish mafia uncle is a cardboard cutout . suitcase simpson has three funny lines and is heard from no more . the villains- -buddy , erin , missy , gerard , moon- -are little more than vague names and stereotyping . spike is relegated to a scene and a half . oddly , the only interesting character is a very minor one : eddie . but he only stays around for 10 minutes even the plot is tissue-thin . the love-story is lame ; the sex-scenes boring . worst of all , who should appear but ( christ ! ) susan silverman , from the spenser series : one of the dampest and most wooden and least interesting characters in fiction . as with " cold service " and some others , parker is just coasting with this one . he is capable of far better .
camera pos 961.txt after setting booby traps for zombies , i like to whip out my bushnell waterproof scope and wait for the oncoming herds to trample on in . this scope is just great because it cuts down on glare and is also waterproof . it is good to have some foreward advancement of options when dealing with the zombies so when you are set up this scope can give you good range in spotting them on your trail ! !
music neg 949.txt ignore the unique cover , clever song idea ( there is 30 ) which represent a comic book . ignore all that . it simply is not good . what is this ? i dont even know how to describe this music . it 's not even songs , but more a bunch of really short experimental , non-sensequel , inerworkings of annoyance . they will start off with a riff as if they are going on to a song , but its only a tease , until they stop and go slow , to say , " get on with it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " add a bunch of zany sound effects , not to mention the recurring anoyance of a high pitched voice ringing out , sci-fi clips and completly hoarse vocals that are screams , and sounds , that add up , to one of the most pointless albums ever put out
books pos 145.txt ' the interface between the written and the oral ' is a comprehensive look at the development of writing in general and alphabets in particular , oral poetry in ancient greece and modern africa , oral transmission of ( written ) vedas , the impact of writing on recently oral cultures in west africa , and the impact of writing on our own abilities of thought and organization . perhaps the most disheartening , but nonetheless informative section , deals with the counterintuitive measures that social scientists have come up with to measure the impact of literacy . they seem to be lacking in common sense . goody , however , is full of common sense , and this book is excellent reading
health pos 250.txt i recieved my product in a reasonable amount of time and i am happy with the product .
health neg 109.txt much too rough and dry for our baby . if you want to find good baby wipes i recommend the pampers sensitive wipes which are soft and moist .
dvd pos 901.txt this dvd is one of the best i have seen . only britney spears live tops this in picture quality.ricki sings his best songs in front of new york city backdrop . he put alot of energy into this concert.the sound quality is the best and picture quality is also great . a little bit less fuzz on some objects would have been nice ! but still its great and colorfull with all the lights on stage
books neg 470.txt i personally do not see how this book could have won a newbery medal . while the author portrays sibling rivalry effectively , that is about the only positive aspect of this book . the fact that the teenage girl protagonist has a crush on an elderly man is disgusting and is presented as not only being acceptable but understandable . sara 's family is also unsupportive to her sulky and jealous attitudes . her grandmother is a busybody and consantly antagonizes the family . sara 's twin sister gets all the attention and love , leaving sara starving for parental care . finally , christianity is portrayed as harsh and judgemental . this book could possibly be acceptable for adults but never for children and i would not recommend it to anyone . i wasted my time with this book : please do n't waste yours .
dvd pos 777.txt first , i thought i bought it for my great old days . but it 's not . i really love it , and i ca n't stand watch it and watch it again.. . ! ! hi studio , would you please release the 2nd season ! ! almost 2 years waiting ? o..come o
software pos 974.txt was using datamanager , but disliked the constant disk access in background . acronis backs up well without constant background disk access , and uses less disk space
music pos 637.txt ummm if you buy it you will know i borrowed it from a friend and he never got it back...so i bought him another
dvd pos 599.txt this movie has more magic than a wand . this movie is a story about having faith in your beliefs . young jessica is so sure that this reindeer is prancer she is willing to go to extremes to help save her friend . sam elliot plays a tough dad who wants to have faith in his only daughter but is scared of losing her and his farm . this a wonderful classic for the young and old .
dvd pos 760.txt eddie and rose are meant to be in nicole savoca 's " dogfight . " this is a warm and wonderful movie ; those of us who have seen it have an obligation to spread the word to as many others as we can . it 's sad that so few people have heard of or seen dogfight . how a film that was so universally well liked by viewers and critics managed to completely slip under the radar of popular attention is a mystery to me . many others have synopsized the story , so i wont be repetitive . i will say that this movie 's genius is in its acting . river phoenix and lili taylor have the chemistry of childhood friends , and it shows in scene after scene . river gives the most endearing performance of his career in this film as the affectedly coarse , absurdly young " jarhead , " eddie , about to ship out to vietnam . his coming of age is the narrative behind this movie , while rose 's idealism and grace throughout the humiliating ordeal of the " dogfight " make her character angelic . the poignancy of the closing scene , in which eddie embraces rose , in tears , after having lost his three best friends during the vietnam war will stay with you for a long time . dogfight is a unique and touching film . it harkens to a sensibility which is dissatisfied with much of the droll offered as " romantic " by hollywood today .
camera neg 35.txt i purchased this camera in august 2006 and have sent it out for repair 4 times already for the same problem and it is november 2006. kodak just keeps telling me to send it to get repaired . is that right ? it takes great pictures but when you try to download them to your computer it works the first time . you try to do it a second time and it freezes and gives you a cannot read device message . i have two kids and the most important thing is to send picture emails to all the relatives across the globe on their updated lives . i now have to go to my local photo place to get a cd and prints made and then download them into my easyshare software . oh , should n't it be easier after spending that much money on a camera . also , i had to purchase a dock adapter for my printer dock . when i put the camera on the dock , it does n't charge the battery or print pictures , the screen just goes grey . this camera has had its main board and firmware repaired and replaced every time that it has come back to me . the cost of shipping , cd 's and prints has just added to the headache this camera has given me . kodak has not been helpful at all and they inform me the only form of communication of through email . what are they afraid of , they need to face the problem and satisfy their customers . do not purchase this camera , it is a great if you just never want to get them out of the camera
dvd pos 162.txt eric stoltz give 's a kick ass performance here ! ! how 80 's is this movie ? ? ..very. . which is why it rule 's ! ! gotta love elias kotes as a skinhead punk ! ! he look 's a bit like henry rollins back in the day ! ! i like the storyline a lot as well...thing is though i dont know why he decided to go for his more friend of a girl as oppossed to tomlin 's charachter..maybe because he knew her better ! this a real good view into the 80 's ! ! see it today ! ! !
books pos 268.txt digital photography is a fast-moving target , and this book manages to keep abreast of the latest changes with valuable information that 's vital for anyone doing digital photography . it explains all the key concepts clearly and completely , with lots of advice on getting the best photographs with any type of digital camera . i would have liked additional coverage of digital slrs , but i have found that elsewhere , and still prefer complete digital photography 's treatment of the broader topics
dvd neg 269.txt this very b grade horror film left alot to be desired . aside from one blasemophous scene where the demon priest sucks on a crusifix to suggest oral sex , and a young man who has ripped open his shirt to carees his pecks sucks his crusifix , there wasnt much to make this unrated . if your expecting to see frontal or rear nudity , forget it ! the nearest thing is teenage guys running around in tight calvin klein undies . however , if your someone who likes to use your imagination , this might be for you . one good thing about this flick is a pre charmed hottie drew fuller rubbing himself all over in his undies . if your a big drew fan like me , it might be worth buying , utherwise go buy a playgirl
software pos 148.txt i bought this package because my daughter needed to be able to do word processing and make presentations for school . i used it because its what is being used at my office . i wish they had included frontpage instead of one note ( which i really have n't been able to find a use for ) . otherwise , it works the same as other ms office packages i 've used in the past
health neg 889.txt hello , i recently bought this blood pressure monitor.....it functions all well......but it gives incorrect readings.......i mean the readings vary significantly........not once , twice...but many many times......i was and am never sure about the validity of the readings.... . purchase this at your own risk.....my recommnedation would be to get a manual blood pressure monitor like the one with the doctors.....atleast u will know that the readings r genuine...and u can always find someone who can spare 5 minutes and help u get the readings..... . take care and stay healthy..... .
books neg 474.txt i have a hard time believing that the author has ever seen an episode of tng . i had to force myself to finish this book it was so bad . by far the worst star trek book i have ever read . if you want a good one read ' federation ' and stay as far away from this one as you can
software pos 26.txt extremely helpful and superior graphics and choices to change your computers them
camera neg 477.txt i lost my hp r607 while on vacation and needed to replace it quickly . i could n't fine another r607 ( which i really liked ) , so i purchased the hp m407. i thought it would be the next best thing to my misplaced camera...not ! ! i do n't like anything about this camera...it 's terrible ! you can take about 4 pictures with regular batteries , about 10 with rechargeable ones ( even with screen off ) . it says " auto focus " , but i do n't think it has any focus at all....not far away , not close up , nothing ! it takes a really looooooooong time to actually take the picture after you press the button . i really hate it ! keep looking...do n't buy this camera
software neg 525.txt i contacted the program 's customer service department when the cards in this program printed off center no matter what i did . i received an email saying that this was a known problem with the program and a fix would be available by the end of january . mid-february i asked again about it as there had been no fix . that time they said it would be fixed by the end of february . i 've used their previous programs w / out problems , just wanted more variety so added this one . apparently not a good idea.... .
camera pos 845.txt this is a nice lightweight tripod from sony . stable and well built . i have used it with both still and video cameras without any problems . it would be nice if it came with a travel bag of some sort
dvd neg 256.txt i really tried to come to this movie with and open mind . i 'm a huge fan of jane austen and i thought the 1995 bbc miniseries actually came close to doing justice to her novel . still , i was looking foreward to seeing a new interpretation . unfortunately this one seemed to miss the point of the story . jane austen had a hilarious way of satarizing the social conventions and mores while being in their midst . this film ignores the social conventions altogether and therefore misses a great deal of austen 's humor . for example an unmarried man and woman would never greet each other in their pajamas . a man would never visit his fiancee while she was lying sick in bed in her nightgown . when these rules of propriety are ignored by the film , how are we supposed to understand or believe that it 's a big deal when lydia runs away with wickham ! ? another example is lady catherine . this is a woman who lives and dies by her snobbery and rigorous adherance to social conventions . yet in this film we see her barge into the bennet household in the middle of the night and wake lizzie up to ask a question that could easily waited until morning ( when lady catherine would n't have had to get her carriage driver out of bed to drive several miles in the dark - no streetlights remember - to the bennet household ) because no one adhere 's to societies rigorous , and for the most part arbitrary , rules , the movie misses the opportunies to subtly wink at the audience as it laughs at such things . another weakness lies in the casting . granted these actors had big shoes to fill . colin firth and jennifer ehle seemed to embody their characters in the 1995 miniseries , but as i said , there are other ways to interpret and play the characters . unforunately here everyone seems as if they 're reading lines with dramatic inflection - not acting . you can almost imagine keira knightly 's script having notes saying " insert spunkiness here " . while the scenery is lovely , the windswept cliff and farm images seem to recollect the tortured landscape of a bronte adaptation more than a manacured austen setting . overall this film comes off as one big missed opportunity
health neg 964.txt the description says " slipcover zips off for easy cleaning " , but the product did not come with a slipcover . the pillow itself is in the blue gingham pattern . now i have to find a slipcover that wo n't blend in with the blue gingham pattern underneath
camera neg 188.txt this gets 1 star for the simple fact that it does n't seem to fit my mark ii body properly .
health pos 173.txt i can say before i started to use this product i was always afraid of wearing white clothings but tide to go has totally changed everything . initially i thought this was just a gimmick but i thought it was worth a try , ...soo...i bought it with me during our two-week trip with my parents in august..and it came handy...my dad bought a brand new white jacket and had it put on immediately and then decided to drink a cup of coffee..unfortunately , he spilled the coffee on the white jacket when he tried to open the lid to put sugar in it...my mother immediately wiped the coffee off with napkins..the coffee stain , however , was still there...then..i remember i had put a tide-to-go in my purse...i immediately used it on all coffee stains on the white jacket...and to my surpise , all the brown spots resulted from the coffee spill were gone...amazing..i have used this on different kind of food stains . i 've used it on coffee stain , spaghetti sauce stain , juice stain and they all worked . my mother , my mother-in-law , and my sister-in law they were all so amazed at the result that they all asked me for one to carry with them . nowadays i do n't leave home without one in my purse..i used to be afraid of wearing white clothings , i am no longer afraid of wearing whites because of tide-to-go..this is definitely a useful product to carry with you everywhere you go..oh..as far as the smell goes..the smell is bearable to me...and in order to use it you have to push it down to get the actual fluid to flow out through the tip of the tide-to-go marker .
dvd neg 485.txt solar flow is a fine dvd , but should not be marketed as something separate from yoga shakti . there are no new sequences , just remixes of the shakti sequences . since you can rearrange all the shakti sequences on your own , solar flow is superfluous . i do n't feel a lot of shanti being swindled into purchasing the same thing twice . a little disclosure please ! -rebecc
dvd pos 6.txt this is a great dvd for all collections even if the movie stank which it did not . the package is worth the coin .
health pos 264.txt i always have purchased caruso steam rollers but when i purchased their new ionic roller set it lasted i week and it was almost 3 times the money of the vidal sassoon . this is the best !
books pos 71.txt this is a wonderful book , aimed at helping the struggling new mom with the all-too-often misunderstood post-partum depression symptoms . while i am thrilled that such a renowned star is willing to share her story for the benefit of others , i urge brooke shields to re-consider a comment she made recently . she indicated that while she knows now that post-partum depression is real and requires treatment of both medicinal and therapy support , ...she does not believe that adhd exists nor that it requires the same level of support . it is essential that such public figures realize that what they have experienced is not the only form of reality . thousands suffer with adhd in ways that interfere with their livlihood , schooling , relationships and self-esteem issues . studies have shown this challenge to be as real and as debilitating as post partum depression . so please , brooke...do n't deny the realities of other maladies , simply because you have n't experienced them . you of all people should realize how frustrating it is to have your challenges blown off by others . your " voice " is heard loudly . your message must be correct . thank you
camera pos 860.txt everything was excellent . the digital camera , the delivery . thank you a lot ! ! ! !
dvd neg 594.txt i did not like this dvd at all . it requires too many props such as bricks , belts , towels , blankets , chairs , etc.. . each pose takes too long due to lengthy explanations . as a beginner i find this too boring and studio based and unable keep my attention . i feel it was a waste of money and do n't recommend it
dvd neg 607.txt my hd-dvd also does not work on the 360 add on . i tried the press ok and everything else i could think of . this disk just freezes right after the production logo when it should be going to the menu . this is the only hd-dvd disk that i 've had a problem with and i have about 10 of them . i did n't purchase the chicago disk as i already have it and did n't think it was worth the hd purchase . i did purchase the eagles hd-dvd and it is excellent . that one also has a trick to it . it defaults to a pcm stereo file so you have to triger it to the dts on mode and then it is amazing . i hope its true that microsoft is working on a patch for heart . i saw them last year and they were fantastic . not as good as the old days but neither am i . they still surprised me that they sounded sooo good . **** update**** since amazon does n't have acceptible response . e-mail from distributor image entertainment received 2-13-07 : dear dave thank you for you inquiry . we apologize for the inconvenience you are experiencing with our product , but the problem is not with the software . this issue is isolated to the xbox add-on , as our product plays as intended on all stand-alone players . our replicator initially found this problem and has been working directly with microsoft and they are close to resolving this issue . we remain in communication with both the replicator and microsoft and we believe that an announcement will be made as soon as a firmware upgrade is available , after which time , your disc will play as intended . again , we apologize for this temporary inconvenience . thank you dedra l dean customer service representative image entertainment hope this helps you all . it made me happy !
dvd neg 370.txt this movie is just terrible ; even more than most of the predictably terrible films in this genre . women with terrible haircuts , dirty homes filled with poor taste in furniture , jobs a 16 year old would have - or no jobs at all , awkward behavior , barely able to function socially...uh+gh ! the truth is , there are gay women out there who look great , have beautiful homes , have very progressive and meaningful careers , have talent and are entertaining and sexy . who says this is representative ? ? not in my world it isn't . i am so sick of these painful displays of us . anyone who gave it over 2 stars is childishly defending the genre in general , and not talking about this stinker of a film . the filming is poor , the sound is dull...do n't waste your time .
dvd pos 73.txt if your a pacino fan this is for you one of his earlier films this deals with a lawyer not a crooked lawyer but a good mostly honest lawyer and all the things that a lawyer has goon through or could go through this is a instant classic and the story to the movie is excellent highly recomende
dvd pos 896.txt i did n't give this five stars because it 's some kind of oscar-worthy achievement , but if you are a fan of the quirky , b-grade fantasy genre that had its heyday in the late seventies to late eighties , then this film is a must . " hawk " offers hilarious jump-cut editing , dialogue that is spectacular in its badness , and probably the most memorable elf character ever put to film . for all that , the film is also remarkable for its innocence , in a time when cheesecake t&a fantasy like " the sword and the sorceress " and the infamous " deathstalker " series were the norm , " hawk the slayer " keeps it clean , and is all the funnier for it . if you have the right sort of friends , then snap this gem up , invite them over for beer and pizza , and have a go . it 's more than worth it
health pos 461.txt i bought this straightener at the advice of my hairdresser ( well , the pink one was my idea ) and this is by far the best product i 've ever used . i even took a long run yesterday and my hair still looks great - and it 's usually a nappy , tangled mess after i work out . there really is nothing better than the chi for straight , silky hair . i 've used it on a couple friends and they swore to go out and buy it . it 's worth the price
dvd pos 828.txt this film harks back to a time when africentricity was woven into the psyche of the younger generation . blackness informed all of their life decisions and defined their aesthetic . this is definitely true of the younger generation in this film . another dynamic at play in this film is a sort of intergenerational upheaval . some members of the older generation were reconsidering their long held beleifs on what it meant to be black in america while the rest of the older generation stood firm staunchly defending their fossilized ideals . so if you 're in the mood to see a comedic family film with a post sixties revolutionary air view " five on the black hand side " and breathe in the culture
health neg 734.txt i searched around for a quite long time before i decide to purchase this model - the performance of this clipper is very poor , i have to switched back to my old kit to cut my son 's hair . very dispointed
camera neg 250.txt after a week the cammera did not work . the shop has a return police , but they did not send a ra number needed to return the item . they asked me an adress in the usa , and whwn i sent it they did nor answered . in my country , argentina , the local distributor said the garantee is not valid for them
camera neg 461.txt i bought a jvc mini dv just over a year ago . it now does not work . of course , the warranty has now expired and i am out of luck . spent $400 on this model . i do not recommend jvc .
software neg 331.txt i am a novice at web page creating and i am overly glad i tried the free web trial ( of course i lied about my address and my first born etc. that you must give to just get the so called " free " trial ) this is the worst web page editor for not so with it people . it does not look anything even close to what frontpage had and again i am highly disappointed with it . where are the themes , web counters and the other simple to understand components ? i did try namo web editor and for people like me , it is very good . this may be wonderful for those of you who are very web page saavy but again if you are a novice do n't get this or uprgrade to it , you will be highly disappointed
camera neg 525.txt the main reason i ordered this kit was for the battery . when i received it ....no battery included . i contacted amazon and all they could do was give me a number for sony customer service . thanks amazon ! !
books neg 533.txt this book is poorly written and even more poorly edited . the back cover states ... " every subject is given background and basic exercises to allow beginners to figure it out . " it is a great statement , but it is unfortunately not true . page 6 : " so what formats can a script be saved as ? there are three main kinds of script files : regular compiled script , which is the native applescript file format , and scripts saved as plain text or as applications . on top of that , os x added a new option for saving compiled scripts and script applications called " bundle . " bundles are folders that appear and behave as files . you can read about them in chapter 23. " - i guess bundle is not a " main " format ? why is there a distinction between main formats and , for lack of a better term , minor formats ? i have no idea . page 35 : " every class has a super class . " page 40 : " we saw that objects belong to classes , and classes may have subclasses and super classes . " - which sentence is correct ? page 43 : " when you work with an application that does n't support the whose clause , you have to settle for slower , clumsier repeat loops . " - repeat loops are not explained earlier in the book . there is no reference on this page to the repeat loops that are explained extensively in chapter 11 , pages 321-343. i wanted to like this book , but i do not . i look forward to a revised first edition or new second edition of this book , because it does have potential to be great . however the next edition needs more polished writing and meticulous editing
books neg 768.txt i have an amazon bookmark that advertises ludlum 's book " the sigma protocol " . it says " in ludlum 's latest , an ordinary man battles a global conspiracy . " well gee . that 's the plot of this book as well . come to think of it , that 's the plot of every book by the man that i 've read . a ' vast right wing conspiracy ' is set to take over the world . they have small armies , a lot of money and a plan . this time around , a group of military men ( naturally ) plan to foment terror , and use the chaos to implement their vision of the world ( laugh not - millions in the middle east and far left believe 9-11 was something along the same lines ) . enter " ordinary man " joel converse . he 's a vietnam vet and p.o , w . who thought he had left that life far behind . it 's up to him to save the world . he will survive certain death several times ( the bad guys always seem to think they need him alive , and they just have to explain their conspiracy to this total stranger ) . he will find love , and he 'll visit several european cities to boot . of course , a suspension of disbelief is essential for many novels ( how else would you believe that a nazi and an israeli are on the same side ? ) , but ludlum 's cliched stories are further worsened by the fact that he just could n't write . his dialogue writing is always tedious , and sometimes just painful to read . action scenes are generic . the only thing he could do right is character background , but that 's not enough to save this . " the aquitaine progression " might make a half decent tv movie , but to endure 700 pages is just too much
dvd neg 352.txt i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's " performance " is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and / or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $$$
music neg 37.txt i felt like i was taking a piss on myself the whole time i listened to this album . what happened to the 40 water of the old days that used to rap with spice 1 , 2pac , and mc breed ? this clone of 40 raps with the likes of lil jon ( wack as hell ) , washed up 80 year old too short , and a bunch of losers i have never heard of . the album only gets props because eightball and mjg are on the album and ugk . and they almost played themselves by appearing on this god awful so called " album " . e-40 has fallen into this commercial west coast version of crunk called " hyphy " in attempts to breathe life into his lifeless career . the album has some decent beats on it but there is no kind of lyrical content to be found anywhere . e-40 would n't know lyrical content if i slapped him with a krs-one cd . this cd is wack simple and plain , pee-40 is a beat waster , and he needs to find the nearest car wash and start drying off cars ! !
dvd pos 83.txt fast times at ridgemont high is a clever , insightful , and wicked film ! it is not just another teen movie , though to the casual observer it might be . no , it is a time capsule into the socal lifestyle that pervaded much of the films of the late 70 's and 80 's as well as it is a time capsule into the mindset of teenagers all over the u.s. circa 1982. sean penn ( whom i 'm not a big fan of ) as jeff spicoli is truly inspired ! i find myself to this day trying to imitate his dead on surfer takes . what an awesome character . when he says , " you d*ck ! " to ray walston 's mr. hand ( another inspired and forever memorable character ) , you just wanna roll on the floor ! jennifer jason leigh is nicely sweet and innocent as a junior high girl struggling with sexuality . phoebe cates as the girl who believes herself to be in the only truly " mature " relationship anyone has ( with a college boy ) is fresh and believable . judge reinhold as leigh 's older brother is inspired . mike damone is a sleaze and a great character ( if only he really believed in himself as much as he wants others to ) . in fact , this film boasts huge numbers of young actors who went on to become stars . the script by a very young cameron crowe is brilliant ! fast times came out at roughly the same time as the last american virgin and several years after rock and roll high school . neither of those other films is anywhere on par with fast times . at times , light and airy , fast times carries a serious " message " that teen agers are truly finding their way in life in the best way they know how . it is somewhat inspired that we never actually see the parents of any of the kids in the film . the adults we see are those with whom they interact with outside the home : truly , teenagers feel that their young lives are more affected by people other than their parents . while last american virgin approached some of the same topics that fast times does , it did it in a more sinister way . fast times does n't gloss over teen age problems , but puts them in perspective of how the teenager his / herself deals with them . yes , it 's a comedy and yes it is funny , but it is not just a film for kids
dvd neg 523.txt this one is just plain awful ! ! it 's a bunch of hollywood brats being histrionic .
books pos 715.txt this town feels so typical at first - - the suburban couple , husband with misc . job and wife who 's good at parties . the gem in cheever 's writing is to render these people and their neighbors with the true unique humanity and quirks we all possess . sometimes cheever 's work can seem stereotypical , everyone drinking gin and having weird suicidal urges . this book , though , is a masterful blend of truly normal people and the creepy backstory that lives next door
music neg 32.txt oh , this is pure adult garbage all right . i have never heard a more disguisting piece of music then this , then again the movie was garbage also
camera pos 798.txt when i first opened up the " super quick charger " i was a bit put off.. . it 's small , it 's cheap looking.. . compared to the old nicd charger i used to have it was very unimpressive . then i plugged it in . say what you will about this barebones solution , it works amazingly well . it charges the batteries quickly and the batteries last a really long time in between charges . it does exactly what i was looking for . if i could improve anything it would be to implement some sort of cover on the battery slots . while it 's not essential to the process by any means , it would look a lot better , and the batteries would be less prone to being jostled out of their positions in mid-charge by a curious cat .
health pos 943.txt have used this product on myself for many years when particapating in ultra endurance cycling events , as well as on my family when vacationing in tropical area 's where the sun will cook you quickly without adequate sun protection . do not be fooled by thinking you will not get tanned by using spf 45 or better . that is a misconception...why not walk away from your experience in the sun without the discomfort of sun poisoning . found best result 's when put on indoors prior to being in the sun .
camera neg 52.txt i purchased this set , and upon arrival , i found the circular polarizer to be defective . amazon quickly replaced the set , and this polarizer did not work either ! i returned the set , as i am not going to waste any more time trying to get a polarizer that works . i 'll pay more , and get a quality product from a different maker . i will say that amazon is second to nobody for customer service . i appreciate that , and will continue to be an amazon customer . however , i ca n't say the same for tiffen .
dvd pos 685.txt i have now seen about twenty asian horror films , and this series definitely ranks among the best . i have written more extensive reviews under the individual titles , but suffice it to say that these movies make audition look like a disney romance . bleak , bizarre , and ultra violent , yet surprisingly stylish and intelligent . this film maker has something to say , and will beat you senseless to make his point . in short , if you want to see ringu #25 , stay away from this one . if you feel a bit more adventurous , i highly recommend this series
software neg 320.txt is n't this a mac product ? i thought mac products were supposed to be ( a ) stable , and ( b ) easy to use . this product is stable , ( once i upped my ram to 2gb ) but at 512mb it brought the system to a crawl . but as far as ease of use- -i 'm not a dumb guy ( although my kids may argue the point ) but this product is really a victum of itself . it is too hard for the " express " audience and is really intended ( in my opinion ) only for profression final cut pro users . in other words , if you use final cut pro at work , and want something on your home-mac , the express version is a great value . you already know it and people have paid you to get used to it . but if you 're a imovie user , pinnacle systems studio user , adobe premiere elements 2.0 user , this product seems like i 'm trying to fly the space shuttle . how do you output wmv with this product ? you can do it in any of the pc-based products , oh , and they also output quicktime so why does apple have a hangup about wmv ? i recently asked in an apple forum " how do you do picture in picutre ? " i got a great response from an experienced user . " it only took a couple of minutes , just do these 6 steps.. . " great , in premiere elements or pinnacle , i click on the pip icon and its done . i did n't have to do 6 obscure steps . the product is also one of those old fashion " million windows all over the place " applications . you try to minimize the thing by pressing one of the tiny little minimize buttons ( like all mac apps have ) and it closes only that window of the app , like the preview window , not the timeline , not the browser . bottom line.. . if you already use , know and love final cut pro , this is a low-cost way to get a similar product on your own pc ( although the academic version of the pro version is pretty affordable too ) . i do n't see the point of this product unless its just to provide a low-cost entry into final cut pro for people who use pro for a living
books neg 191.txt i read this book with an open mind . i am familiar with the tremendous criticism that has arisen from claims that survivors of child abuse may use their backgrounds to claim some sort of privileged status . in a few cases , i think this criticism may be legitimate ; in other cases , not . so i was interested to see if there were perhaps legitimate reasons to criticize survivors of the holocaust or their advocates in the jewish community . ( note : i am not equating child abuse and the holocaust . i am saying that when people speak up about terrible things , there is often a tendency to see them as whiners who are shirking their responsibilities . all things do not have to be equally terrible to promote this societal reaction . ) i did n't find anything in this book to convince me of that . what i found was to me an unconvincing and highly subjective summary of the jewish reaction to the holocaust , in which the author claims that it did not become a big deal until a long time after it was over , and that it was made into a big deal for illegitimate reasons , but this discussion is so subjective and brief that i was not persuaded to adopt his point of view . the bulk of the book consists of complaints that jewish organizations unfairly extorted money from countries such as switzerland . the argument becomes fairly technical here and evaluating it is beyond me because i have never read the reports ( " audits , " etc. ) to which the author refers . but i think that focusing so narrowly on money misses the point . i expected to see a general discussion of the ways in which the author alleges that an emphasis on the holocaust caused some jews to " play the victim card , " and what i got was a very indepth discussion of several fights about money about which i have no way of determining the truth of the author 's allegations . to me it seems obvious that the holocaust was a terrible atrocity with devastating consequences for the jews , and many lives were destroyed or damaged as a result . it seems reasonable to me that the jewish community would insist that society recognize the destruction and damage , and to the extent that this book detracts from this , i think it is unfortunate
software pos 936.txt the rosetta stone language software was a great investment . the product provides learning words together with listening , seeing , and hearing or the user can select one of these individually or even practice writing words and phrases . it provides an easy to use interface and you can learn at your own pace . the product has been worth it 's hefty price . i do recommend purchasing a german / english dictionary to accompany the software . i have also had in the past a basic german 101 course prior to using rosetta stone , so it may be difficult to start for a person with no knowledge of the german language , such as pronunciation of basic words or greetings
books pos 866.txt set in a german village reminiscent of grimm 's fairy tale world this book will quickly have readers under it 's spell . this tale within a tale within a tale concerns a young clockmaker , karl , who needs to create a figure for the great clock of glockenheim to mark the end of his apprenticeship . time is running out for karl and he is fretful because has not yet made the figure . at this same time fritz , a young storyteller is telling his latest spooky tale to the villagers . fritz launches in to a very mysterious tale of a prince , who it is disovered at his " death " is actually kept alive by clockworks rather than by a heart . also in fritz 's story is a stange man named dr. kalmanius . when this highly unusual man is described by the storyteller an identical man suddenly appears . the stunned audience quickly leaves . as the others leave this strange man approaches karl and presents him with the needed clock figure " springing " fritz 's tale alarmingly to life . as always philip pullman creates a vibrant and engaging cast of characters who will leave an imprint on the reader 's memory . the illustrations by leonid gore capture both the fairy tale spirit and the horror under the surface . this is a quick but original and engaging read that will appeal to both horror and fairy tale fans . do n't miss it
camera pos 673.txt this is a must have item for your kodak dig . camera . it allows for filters , tele / wide aux lenses or any 55mm screw on attachment . apart from that the black metal enclosure compleatly covers the entire lens assemby , at any zoom or focal length . this adds a very strong and valuable protection to your lens . if you accidentally bang the camera against a hard surface this adapter may very likely save your lens ( camera ) from destruction . i always keep it on with a skylight filter , the skylight or a uv filter further protects the lens from impact , scratches and dust . if used when the lens is not fully extended ex : wide angle to normal zoom , the adpter also helps block out stray light and acts as a light shade . kodak aught to have this built into their camera as a permanent fixture , but alas they make extra revenue on their accessories . do buy it !
music neg 914.txt this entire cd & hbo special is stolen material . all this material was originally written & performed by bill hicks . buy hicks dvd " bill hicks live - satirist , social critic , stand-up comedian " if you want the material in its true form http : / / www.amazon.com / exec / obidos / tg / detail / - / b0004z33fk / qid=1130712550 / sr=1-1 / ref=sr_1_1 / 104-5459925-2315938 ? v=glance&s=dvd bill hicks was also paid tribute on tool 's aenima album
camera neg 808.txt i recently bought a new celestron nexstar 4se telescope and this eyepiece accessory kit . much to my disappointment , the eyepieces in this kit did not fit very well into the eyepiece holder of the telescope , and when cold ( nights in colorado are 25-45f ) , the eyepieces did not fit at all . celestron customer service was horrible and did not pay attention to my problem and did not follow up by email as promised . when i called a second time , they had no clue about the construction of the eyepieces and no thoughts about how to fix this problem . amazon replaced the kit ( thank you amazon ! ) , but the replacements did not fit either . i 'm returning that kit too . i finally bought a kit from meade ( 3 eyepieces and a moon filter ) that fit properly and are very easy to use . to be fair , if these eyepieces fit your telescope then they are a tremendous value ( hence the rating of 2 stars rather than 1 ) . the meade kit is a worse value , but because they work in my nice new scope , they are the best for anyone using a nexstar 4se
books neg 248.txt god forbid i be so bold as to trash a classic . and yes , maybe because of all the raving reviews from my friends and from the book 's great reputation , i entered it with high expectations . - which the book however did not satisfy . yes , it is a good comedic parody of the upper class of the time , a lampoon of the courtship ritual , and of course oh so witty , blah blah blah , but it just was n't my cup of tea . the main character was likeable , but that aside , i found it completely insufferable to read through , and absolutely painfully boring . every subsequent event from the very beginning could be predicted , let alone the ending . not that anything really ever happens - the entire book could be summed up with , " then they walked and talked and had tea and walked and talked and had tea , walked and talked and had more tea , then got married and lived happily ever after . " the entire novel was a headache of girly gossip and mental drama . it would save more time just to watch a chick flick . so if you 're interested in the relationship fiascos of fictious characters , witnessing the agony over who 's going to marry who ( even though the reader could already predict the happily-ever-after match-making light-years in advance ) , then this is the book for you ! ! if not , then i suggest picking up some dan brown .
books neg 342.txt i 'd never read berry before , but as far as i can tell , this brief collection of six essays and lectures sticks to familiar territory . however , it 's probably not the best entry point for people who are newcomers to his realm . there are two related problems with the book : one of presentation , and one of tone . the problem with presentation is that the pieces are so short that there 's no room for specifics . so , while one might be more or less in accord with the broad strokes of berry 's vision , there 's no detail to back it all up . the problem with tone is that from the very first page the reader feels like they are being lectured at . of course , some of the pieces are lectures , but there 's a certain condescension that runs throughout the book . it comes out when berry uses certain words such as the three as of " appropriate " , " authentic " and " adequate " . when these are used ( as they often are ) , there he 's obviously made some kind of value judgment , but the reader is never let in on it . the end result of the two flaws is that the reader feels like a hectoring argument is being made without any supporting logic - - which ultimately smacks of preaching to the choir . which is unfortunate , since i tend to agree with berry on a lot of things ( though not his anti-abortion stance ) . small farms are good , agribusiness is bad , stewardship of the land is good , extraction industries are bad , treating the body as an organic whole is good , and things of that nature . alas , he has a tendency of making sweeping assertions and accusations that are far too simplistic and shrill to be useful . two examples from the first 15 pages will suffice to illustrate : " this is a world in which the cultures that preserve nature and rural life will simply be disallowed . " and " communists and capitalists are alike in their contempt for country people , country life , and country places . " berry also succumbs to the trick of creating straw men to counter his theses . for example , in one essay , he claims that conservationists are people who want to simply preserve land in a pristine , untouched state , and that 's all . while there are certainly some conservationists who feel that way , they are a small minority of a a much larger community who actually is in almost total accord with berry 's views on stewardship and land use . it certainly does n't help matters that his view of small-scale farming appears to be heavily tinted with rose-colored glasses . his claims that modern agribusinesses has rendered the small farm economically unviable sounds like a reasonable proposition . however , it ignores the fact that , historically , small scale farming ran on the thinnest of margins , was subject to all kind of external instability ( weather , vermin , etc. ) , and operated on only slightly better than a subsistence level . in farming , cash is scarce , that 's why people abandoned it in droves whenever the opportunity presented itself , such as in wwii , when all those defense-industry factories were opened in california . ( of course , in berry 's vision , you do n't really need cash , because you barter for everything you need from your neighbors . ) berry 's exhortations to create small-scale communities is worthy stuff , and even in cities people are creating this . the growth of csas , farmers markets , and the like in the past decade is a tangible indicator of this . however , to achieve the large scale results berry seeks requires a more rigorous roadmap than what is provided in this slim collection
software pos 63.txt i ordered the box version from amazon , instead of the download from the manufacturer not only because it was less expensive , but the main reason was so that i would have a paper manual . so many programs do n't come with hard copy manuals and i prefer them over on-line help . as for the program itself , i trialed a download first . for me , the thing i fell in love with was the ability to call up multiple images , side by side , and compare them ! it makes selecting the best image a breeze - a huge timesaver . you also have the ability to swiftly zoom in to check focus at full rez . another wonderful thing is that putting the curser over one of the preview images , and sliding it , will slide all the open previews simultaneously , so you do n't have to individually zoom and move each image . you can do this with up to 6 images at a time ! you can also do a quick histogram check by hitting the " h " key , which makes it easy to toss off bad exposures at the same time as the review . while you 've got the previews open you can hover the mouse over them and hit any # key to color-code the image . the colors can be keyed to whatever description you want . i do " 1=green " for yes , " 2=yellow " for maybe , and " 3=red " for no . there 's room for quite a few more colors after that . i then hit the sort key back in the main screen and quickly select all the red " no " images and delete them . after i have all my green " yes " images , i then review them 6 at a time to give them star ratings . i resort by rating and now all the best images are at the top of the page and i can start processing them . you can batch process file name , and some other things that i do n't bother with , as well . it 's got some nice keywording ability and you can easily sync the keywords with your photoshop files . what 's incredibly nice is that you can click on any word in the keyword list and all the images you own , with those keywords , are immediately shown in thumbnails ! finding an image is actually fun ! it will even give you thumbnails of images you do n't even store on your hard drive anymore ! fantastic program - i highly recommend it ! the only reason i did n't 5 star it is b / c it 's not all that intuitive . this is a read-the-manual kind of program , but you can do an awful lot with it without having to get too far in the book . ; )
software pos 146.txt i was really surprised to read some of the other reviews about this product - - it 's as we we 've purchased entirely different programs . in my experience with this software , i 've found it to be extremely smooth-running and user-friendly from installation to printing , and the card selection and customization is second to none . there have been perfect cards for every occasion to date and we 've customized them countless ways - - adding and editing photos , moving text , sending ecards , you name it ! navigating within the art studio is very intuitive . printing cards from the sofware is very easy and the on-screen configuration works great . unlike some of the other reviews , i have n't had the problem of having to re-configure every time i print . we set it up once and that was it . i 've printed on card stock paper , which turns out gorgeous , and we 've also printed the quarter-fold plain letter size which also looks great and works perfect with size a2 envelopes ( this is a great printing option if you do n't want to buy card stock paper ! ) . i 've used this software on all of my computers , have recommended it to many people , and so far have not yet encountered or heard of any problems . i highly recommend it . it 's a fun program , the recipients will love their customized cards , and it will save you money in the long run
dvd neg 487.txt this dvd is not shaolin idiot but an older film of stephen chow . it 's really a film called " look out , officer " that stephen chow made in 1990. shaolin idiot is not out yet to my knowledge . if you want stephen chow 's " look out , officer " you should buy this dvd if not , don't .
health neg 594.txt both my wife and i have high blood pressure , which our doctor would like us to track at home . after checking out many brands and styles of automatic monitors , and based on the reviews here , i did n't hesitate to buy the mark of fitness , inc monitor ( prevention edition ) . when i received it , there were two problems : first , there was no owner 's manual inside . since i kept getting an " err 2 " message , i had no way of checking what that meant . ( amazon.com suggested i look online for a pdf version somewhere . unfortunately , the mark of fitness ' web site did n't have online manuals . ) the second and more important problem with this product was that it was clearly very inaccurate . when i finally was able to get some readings , they were : 112 / 64 , 106 / 60 , 96 / 61 , 106 / 62 , 109 / 64 , and 115 / 62. oh , how i wish some of those were my readings ! maybe it was just my misfortune to get that one in 500 lemons with no owner 's manual and who knows what else wrong with it , but unfortunately , i wo n't take a chance on trying another one . it 's going back today
music pos 290.txt hot hot heat is one of the few new bands to pique my interest . their first release was decent , but " elevator " is even better . great tunes , drums and guitars - and , of course , steve bays ' yelping vocals . there 's only three songs i really do n't care for - " pickin ' it up " , " soldier in a box " and " shame on you " . looking forward to the next cd
dvd neg 413.txt for those of you looking for more eva action after seeing the original series take heed . do n't buy this dvd ! the death part of the dvd , part 1 , is nothing but a terrible rehashing of scenes from the regular season , and the second half , rebirth , part 2 , is new stuff , very good , but ! if you buy ' the end of evangelion ' you get rebirth and a much better and easier to understand ending to the whole series in completely new material . so , do n't buy ' death&rebirth' . buy ' the end of evangelion ' instead
software neg 217.txt i bought this upgrade because i thought it would let me share my contacts . it says so on the box , but it doesn't . it works just like the old contacts which you ca n't share with others except if you export it . no live sharing . why could n't they make it so i could put the file on my server ? or on a secure site ? then all my office can work off one contact list . 50% or more of the time the business contacts ca n't be found when you search for a contact . it 's like the business contacts is an add in that does n't work with outlook . or you add contacts , save it , email to the saved email address and then go to find the contact later and it is gone . also , lots of times when you try to send , the email wo n't send , it stays in the outbox . and repeatedly you open and hit the send button but it wo n't change to send status . now , if you leave it in the outbox , sometimes that fools the program into letting you send other email . or sometimes you can forward and send. . geez , what a waste of money this upgrade was . we wo n't be using it on any of our other computers and we have n't bought if on the new computers we have ordered .
dvd neg 292.txt my impression watching this turkey was that it had to be the work of a film student desperately trying to impress some artsy instructor . it 's all style , no substance . i got the vague impression that there was a story somewhere in this mess of flashbacks , long slow camara pans across stephen dorff 's very trendy and stylish haircut , and yelling matches with side characters whose only function seems to be to have someone to yell with . despite the very art-house feel of it , the story is lost , the viewer is never quite sure if the " philosophy " of the main character is meant to be taken seriously , and the style is nothing we have n't seen done better other places . all in all , i found it pretty vapid , painfully slow , and incredibly frustrating , because there is a good movie in here somewhere , if only the script had gone to someone else to make . on a side note , toby maguire shows up for a little while as a stoned out of his mind loser , which was a bit of a trip given where his career eventually went
software pos 838.txt my 12 year old daughter plays this game for hours at a time . she is a horse nut and loves it . the player gets to groom , breed and train horses . i would definetly recommend for any horse crazy kid
books pos 779.txt miles vorkosigan 's cunning plan is to court the widow ekaterin . unfortunately the only way he knows how to take on projects is through military precision . miles is an idiot . mark vorkosigan 's cunning plan it to create a new enterprise using " butter bugs " , a genetically engineered bug that produces an edible tofu like substance . [miles calls it " bug vomit " ] mark wants to help kareen kouldelka earn her way back to a beta colony school where he and she can continue exploring their relationship without cultural impediments . ivan vorpatril 's strait forward plan , [ivan is n't known for ' cunning ' , ] is to propose to the lady donna . lord dono has something to say about that . lord dono has a cunning plan . but who the heck is lord dono ? ? surround the whole story with the pending marriage of emperor gregor and the lady laisa , and the vor are dropping like flies on bug butter . this vorkosigan adventure has no military campaigns , no threats of death , [well...not really.] it does have all of the intrigue and mess-pionage that you could expect with the over abundance of cunning plans . you 'll suffer for miles , and then cheer at the inevitable outcome . ekaterin is no shrinking violet ! do n't mess with her ! a civil campaign is a terrific read ! [a previous reviewer commented on the cover 's inaccuracy in depicting mile 's stature . actually i believe the couple on the cover are meant to be emperor gregor and the lady laisa . it 's their wedding after all . if that 's the case then the cover would be okay.] shards of honor barrayar {hugo winner} the warriors apprentice the vor game {hugo winner} cetaganda brothers in arms borders of infinity mirror dance {hugo winner} memory komarr -a civil campaign - {this review} diplomatic immunity
dvd neg 649.txt after reading a couple of other reviews about the & quot ; quality&quot ; of transfer on this dvd , i decided i wanted this in my collection . what i thought would be good or atleast a decent enough picture quiality , i was very dissapointed.the quality of transfer of the picture is horrible ! ! ! a great movie a total real diaster flick in picture quality . non anamorphic , deffintaly not remastered or digitally transfered . picture tones are very , very bad , along with what little color that is desplayed . almost a black & amp ; white picture with most of the entire movie too dark to make out what is going on . even with my brightness turn all the way up on my tv , it still was so dark it almost was n't worth continue watching.the only things positive on this dvd was the fact it was in widescreen and & quot ; suppossedly&quot ; in dolby digital ex . the beginning dolby intoduction was deffinatly in dolby and had good sound but the movie itself did n't distributeand dolby sounds that i could make out on my theatre sound system . sounded like mono to me.thsi dvd reproduction stinks and i suggest those that are into quality dvd and getting you money worth saty away from this & quot ; goodtimes video&quot ; version untill it is put on dvd correctly . why they botherd is beyond me . because i wanted to have a copy of this movie in widescreen , i am taping it on to vhs for my collection and going to try and return it for something better tommorrow . i suppsoe i 'll have to be content that i got the widscreen version on vhs for now untill they re-release it on dvd with better quality , or they show it on tv in widescreen which i highly doubt . heck , even taping it off tv you 'd get a better picture quality than this dvd
music neg 789.txt i was looking to get the dvd of dazed and confused but got the cd . when it was advertised on the amazon website it led me to believe that it was a dvd as you see it above . ( 1993 film ) i had to return it and my expense . very disappointing transaction with amazon . threfore , i am not impressed
health neg 520.txt our first unit lasted about almost 2 months . despite the relatively short lifespan , i thought the product was worth it considering the dirt-cheap price . however , the second unit we got leaked water at the base during its first use ; so , it went back to amazon the very same day it arrived our home . this product is so dangerous . without exercising some safety precaution , it can cause electrocution !
music pos 669.txt basie 's best players come to duke 's place , the columbia records 30th street studios in 1961 and face ellington 's finest . not a battle , but not quite a merger , either , since the count 's contingent is heard in one speaker and their hosts in another channel . there 's more than an hour of good music on here , laid down in the dying days of big jazz touring orchestras . popular tastes had changed and the costs of keeping large groups of players together were impossible . this is one of those rare cd 's in which the booklet is almost as good as the music . this one reveals that during this 12-hour late-afternoon-to-early-morning session , one of ellington 's long-time employees quit the group forever because the boss would not take his side in a fight with a colleague . also interesting is the dispute over the title and cover graphics . basie hated columbia 's first idea to bill the date as a competition , and his agent even destroyed the only copy of the original cover art . the end result is an album whose sales over 40 years have been hurt because no one knows its name . the cover finally chosen says " the count meets the duke " but in larger letters it declares " first time ! " and then adds " 2 great orchestras " and finally states " duke ellington and count basie . " the label columbia / sony put on the disc itself for this reissue says " duke ellington meets count basie " which makes no sense because they had known each other since the 20's . if you already like both orchestras , you 'll want to own this late career session . if you want an introduction to each group in its waning years , the cd serves nicely for that , too . this disc really jives , so do n't be expecting any ballads here
music neg 248.txt i am at a loss to hear what people appreciate about this cd . we were barely able to make it through one listening . this is a classic example of a cd that never would have been produced had the artist ( using the term very loosely ) not already been famous for something besides music . the lack of talent and originality on this cd is apalling . it only gets a star because that 's the lowest rating . i want my money back
health pos 728.txt i am 100% satisfied with this product and it has already earned me what i paid for . i am able to trim my front portion of hair with this on my own , where as for a complete trim , i do need my wife 's assistance . if you trim on a regular basis , ie . , when the hair 's not over grown , you will definitely find the job more easier.i recommend it to everyone who wants to save on their haircuts . the price is a good deal too if you buy from amazon , else one may perhaps ahve to wait for the thanks giving sale
camera neg 924.txt this was a waste of money . my 5 year old loves taking photos . she uses my digital camera sometimes . i thought this would be a great gift for her . she could see the photos on the back of the camera like mom's . this was not the case . the lcd does not project the images and it is so small you can not read what mode you are in . if the batteries run out , it erases the photos . i think they should have made it and the directions kid friendly . my daughter was frustrated quickly and it has laid in the drawer for 3 months . if your child likes to take photos , i would invest in something else
dvd neg 23.txt i often wonder if some if not most of the people writing rave reviews , 5 stars , are really paid , biased , professionals pumping up the movie for increased dvd sales .
dvd neg 780.txt i had the same problem as everyone else in getting any of the infantastic dvds from amazon . i waited over two months , kept getting reassured that they were still coming , and then discovered one day that they had simply canceled my order without letting me know . not only did no one ever offer to check with the company directly for the source of the problem or actual anticipated wait itme , but amazon continues to post these items on their web site with a delivery date of 7-11 days , which is at best a misrepresentation , and at worst a complete lie because they are well aware that they ca n't provide the product at all at this point . i do n't really care whose fault it is that the product is never available - amazon needs to stop posting these dvds for purchase until they are confident the orders can be filled in the time noted .
camera neg 721.txt panasonic offers a usb driver however no video driver . this means that anyone using windows xp will be unable to transfer video to their computer . when talking to panasonic they just said they didnt have a driver and were not developing one . they offered no suggestions or alternatives
software neg 585.txt i read previous reviews about not being able to run the program because the computer recognized it as a copied disk . i thought this could n't possibly happen on my high tech computer.. . i was wrong.. . even though i purchased a legitamate copy , the program still would not let me run it... . buyer beware ! ! ! ! !
books neg 788.txt i bought this book before my first trip to austria . i had a sinking feeling while reading it that it was mostly a pastiche of unusable generalizations . that turned out to be true . what shall we do with a paragraph that tells us that austrian women are strong-minded and independent and organize their homelife well , although many go to work ? this book might have some value for a person who had never left their english-speaking homeland before and needed to be warned that people are sometimes naked in the sauna or at the beach . it also provides some amusing anecdotes about language ( especially viennese ) and useful info about festivals . mostly , though this book was good for reading aloud to austrian friends . i would quote it as an iron-clad authority when their behavior did n't quite match the book 's version and thereby amused them tremendously . - -lynn hoffman , author of the new short course in wine and the forthcoming novel bang bang from kunati books.isbn 978160164000
health pos 690.txt dr. bonners pepperming soap is our favorite . our sensitive skin does not react , it lasts a long time , and best of all , the peppermint aroma wakes up our senses in the mornings
health neg 997.txt these wipes clean well . they arrived promptly . they stink something fierce . i cannot stand the way they smell .
dvd neg 909.txt i am an alice fan , so this is far far from my favorite . the first star i gave was simply because i love kate beckinsale and the movie is n't scary . the other is because it would be enchanting for a 3-4 year old or another youngster that does n't know anything about wonderland . my 9 year old even got bored with this . kate beackinsale plays the mother in the beginning , and in 1999 she was much too young to be and definitely looked so . she just did n't look well in this movie , and everything looked so cheap and fake . the story was changed in all the wrong places and too much was left out . i would not recommend this . i would recommend the 1999 american mini series of alice in wonderland , it is my absolute favorite ; with martin short as the mad hatter , and a long list of big names . that one is fun for all ages
dvd neg 68.txt i am a fan of historical fiction , and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films i have ever seen ! what bothers me the most is that the general public , who has n't read the tudor biographies like some of us have , will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject ! i wo n't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them . why tamper with history , when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie .
dvd neg 433.txt i gave one star beacuse it is not color this very old movies i want some in color about depression i have the prombleof the derpression of you have any movies about this please let me kno
music pos 622.txt the animals , a group that included eric burdon and alan price , were the first major pop stars to emerge from newcastle , a city located about 300 miles north of london , therefore far removed from where most talent scouts were searching . it is fortunate for us all that the animals were discovered because they recorded some of the best r+b music to come of the uk in the sixties . their biggest hit was house of the rising sun , a re-working of a folk song ( apparently inspired by josh white 's version of the song ) that gave them a transatlantic number one hit . they had five other top ten uk hits with mickie most , these being i 'm crying , do n't let me be misunderstood ( a cover of a nina simone song ) , bring it on home to me ( a sam cooke cover ) , we gotta get out of this place ( the version included here is the uk version - a markedly different recording was released in america but was unavailable for inclusion in this set ) and it 's my life . apart from their singles , the animals recorded many other covers including boom boom , dimples , i 'm mad again ( all john lee hooker ) , around and around , memphis tennessee , how you 've changed ( all chuck berry ) , i 'm in love again , i 've been around ( both fats domino ) , talking about you , hallelujah i love her so and i believe to my soul ( all ray charles ) . these covers clearly demonstrate what their main influences were , but they also wrote some of their own songs . all the music i 've mentioned so far and much more can be found on this excellent compilation . nevertheless , despite the title of the compilation , it is n't actually their complete recordings - there is a sub-text explaining that these are the complete recordings that they made with mickie most as producer , although the liner notes describe their whole career . after the split , they switched to another record label , where they had some success using the name eric burdon and the animals , including two more uk top ten hits ( do n't bring me down , san franciscan nights ) and several lesser hits , all of which can be found elsewhere ( search for eric burdon ) . alan price left the group before the split with mickie most and had several hits as a solo singer . these are also outside the scope of this collection but are easy to find . this complete collection ( apart from the american version of we 've got to get out of this place ) of the first and most important part of the animals ' career may be more than some people want - there are single cd collections available if you just want the hits - but if , like me , you like to explore beyond the hits , this is for you
music pos 621.txt i have both the & quot ; heat&quot ; and & quot ; seduction&quot ; cd 's by oscar lopez and listen to both of them with wonder . this man is magic . i have about 20 & quot ; new flaminco&quot ; cd 's and these are right at the top as far as my tastes are concerned . oscar , if you 're listening , i check at least once a month for your next one
dvd pos 607.txt those who hunt elves is worth the buy , you wo n't regret it .
music pos 476.txt released is the kind of album you put in , kick your feet up with a good beverage , and head off to someplace on the silverscreen of your mind that is pure tranquility . oster 's trumpet echoes on long after the music is off . here 's hoping there 's more from this new and amazing artist
health pos 13.txt very happy with this purchase . received it in a reasonable time and at a great price including the rebate for signing up for an [...] credit card . it is easy to use and seems more accurate than the wrist type monitors . i like the history feature in order to determine the average blood pressure over a long period of time since pressures change daily ! good machine especially since it has an ac adapter so that there is no need to change batteries frequently ! also , the intellisense feature makes sure the cuff is always properly inflated before readings
music pos 570.txt stick to singing in spanish , shak
camera pos 111.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them
music pos 970.txt jeff beck is far from the typical rock guitarist . he never took the easy path of showing how fast or virtuoso he is . instead , he is full of intriguing and explosive ideas that make you want to listen to this cd over and over again . that 's what musicianship is all about , and jeff has plenty of it
software pos 179.txt i liked everything about this product except it is a little too slow at times . i always shoot with nikon raw format . it has hung a couple of times and i had to kill it after waiting for 10-15 minutes .
software neg 853.txt it is difficult to use words harsh enough to describe this product and this company . i have owned this software for about 80 days . 1. in 80 days of use this product has completely locked up or not opened twice . 2. i have called the ' support ' line 4 times . the minimum time i was on hold was 40 minutes . 3. my initial ' support ' period is about to expire and i now will have to pay $200 to get more ' support ' 4. you have to buy additional software to get your data onto a palm device . in summary : the product has locked up about every 40 days and the average hold time is 40 minutes when you call them . save yourself the grief - buy nothing or buy something else
dvd pos 623.txt this movie was one of the most honest , accurate portrayals of how to play the dating " game " i have ever seen . i liked it so much i bought it for my 15 year old son to give him pointers . ignore the tacked on hollywood ending
software neg 252.txt i 've used cad programs written in the 80 's that are better than this . i 'll go back to drawing board 1.0 over this thing . not user friendly . i can hardly draw a few walls without it crashing . jun
camera neg 436.txt the case is very big . why buy a small camera and end up with a big case . the case looks nothing like the picture . the picture is of another case .
camera neg 959.txt i spend hours pouring over reviews trying to decide which ultracompact was the best deal and the best overall camera . in the end , it came down to panasonic 's fx01 and cannon 's sd600. i read the warnings from other reviewers that the panasonic 's images were n't top quality , but i chose to ignore those reviewers because on paper the fx01 looks like it would out perform the sd600. i was wrong . after using the fx01 for a few days i knew what those other reviewers were talking about - grainy photo after grainy photo . i really really wanted this camera to be great , but it just wasn't . actually , my old 3mp camera took better shots then the 6mp fx01 ! very disappointing . i ended up returning this camera to amazon ( very easy-great service ) because of the poor image quality . i mean , wanting good photographs is why you take photos , right ? i know someone with the sd600 and he 's very happy with the quality . judging by the customer images on the sd600 's page on amazon , i think i should 've gone with cannon
software pos 771.txt actually , comic book creator lets you use your content in a million different ways , including reselling of your work . the only limitation is that you ca n't sell comics created around branded content- -like images from marvel , paramount , tokyopop , etc.- -because they do n't allow that . it 's all in the user agreement . check it out
dvd neg 176.txt this has to be the worst thing they could do. . if you really believe in the lord do not but this movie.. . it is based on many lies first off noah didnt save lot and his wife from sodom and gomorrah abraham did . and it was at least 350 years after the flood that this happen and after the tower of babel . but they have noah in sodom and gomorrah and then moving on and building the ark after its destruction . they also show a pedlar in a boat coming up to the ark once everything is flooded and they have lot on a ship attacking noah for his ark. . it is a half truth and in my opinion a mockery and i will never buy anything again that has the name hallmark on it . how dare they sell such a lie to peopl
health pos 295.txt these little flosser tips put an end to my problem with bleeding gums . flossing with traditional floss hurt because i always cut myself and deeply . it probably saved me from serious gum disease , and that i understand is expensive to treat , so i 'd rather put out a few dollars rather than a few thousand dollars in keeping teeth and gums healthy
software pos 584.txt it 's exactly what i wanted to buy : complete collection of ultimate x-men . i do n't mind scrolling up and down on my laptop in order to see the whole picture . the ads were kind of annoying though . i just hope marvel puts all the other x-men series on cds like this
camera pos 853.txt this seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer . basically it 's the shape of an open box that slides firmly onto the flash . it is small and sturdy enough to stash in your camera bag without worrying about damage . when used the light disperses more evenly and is less harsh on the subject being photographed . the white box is for general use . also available are the green omni-bounce for florescent lighting and the gold omni-bounce for a warming effect . pros : inexpensive solution for better flash photography . a quality product that works . cons : non
camera pos 831.txt this is only the second pair of binoculars i 've owned but i 've used many pairs before from low end to relatively high end ones like nikons and leicas . i can say without hesitation that the canon 18x50s have met all my expectations for clarity , build quality , and ease of use . they are still quite heavy so , you wo n't be holding them too long in one position but , the stabilization feature provides a stable , gitter free image . in my opinion , this feature makes up for optics that may not be in the same league with the high end stuff : the canon 18x50s have more usable magnification for the money for non-tripod , hand held applications . while this is not a scientific comparison , this is an example of the useability and magnification : i was at the beach looking at a parasailer in the distance - with the naked eye ( 20 / 20 for the record ) , i could see the chute pattern and a black speck below it ; with my old minolta 10x50s ( jittering in my hands ) i could make out shapes of heads and legs ; with the canon 18x50s , i could clearly see two people , a man and a child as well as the chute 's cords - pretty impressive . my only two gripes that have also been mentioned before are : no lense caps and the eye cups are stiff , fit poorly ( to my face any way ) and are uncomfortable . i find it better to fold the cups back for " eye glass " use even though i do n't wear glasses . other than that , i am very pleased with this purchase and would also highly recommend purchasing from adorama camera - they are quick , accommodating and responsive .
books pos 572.txt i have purchased several biological coloring books in the past and use them all regularly in my 7th grade life science classroom . adolescents still need color and they learn as they are doing it ! this is just another fantastic resource for me to use with them . now that our state standards have changed and include evolution in more detail , i am certain that this will be very valuable
camera neg 958.txt the panasonic is very compact , very stylish sexy as my wife called it , but the photos are very disappointing : they are way to noisy ! even if set on the lowest asa setting at 80asa it is just barely acceptable and they do get progressively worse anything above 100asa . the colours are good , and it does take very good videos , but still photos are just plain bad when compared to other cameras in photoshop cs2. of course it is easy to understand why : the native resolution of the images . if one investigates such things , will notice that the panasonic is only 72 dpi , same as sony 's , canon improves this to 180 , and nikon is at 300 dpi . it is not just about megapixels folks , but how those megapixels are recorded and at what resolution . obviously a camera with 72 dpi will have more noise than one at 180 or 300 dpi . so before you buy any digital camera or thinking about upgrading to a newer model , do yourself a favour . try 4 or 5 cameras in the same megapixel range at a good camera store by taking photos of the same subject in the same light condition . set the camera for the lowest asa and the highest picture quality in jpg format , take the photos , pop the sd card into the computer , compare the images in photoshop . enlarge to full pixel size ( 100% ) , and and look at the meta data at the same time and you will see for yourself . that is what i did , since i was not very happy with the images my panasonic produced ! i had this camera for 11 months and 20 days exactly , and today i traded it in on a nikon p5000 after evaluating over a dozen models including the leica d-lux3 10mp camera , and driving the sales persons crazy with all the testing and spending 4 hours at the store , but it was very educational for them too
camera pos 928.txt i 'd love to read a review from anyone who has purchased this camera , the aiptek zoom dv-6 mp image stabilizing camcorder w / 3x optical zoom . i see the claim that it has 3x optical zoom and cannot help but question this because i am unable to find this product on aiptek-dot-com and this cam has supposedly been available since july 30th , 2006. am wondering what gives with that ? please someone , post a review of this model and hopefully , some picture results too . let us know about this 3x optical zoom , please ! i had to pick a rating , so the four star rating was based on the mpvr version of this camera - - which i own and find to be a very decent gadget . mine is over a year old and still going strong - no problems with that model . mp3 's sound terrific . i convert movies for viewing on the camera while on the go and.. . " wow " for its quality . i have recorded sounds and more . very decent ! just drag and drop my files from my pc to the sd card and i can switch out movies and mp3's . i am happy with that model , but it does not have any optical zoom - just digital . still get pretty good pix tho , just use the various settings.. . my little homemade movies are good , very decent , but without additional lighting , indoor movies will be dark . this camera doesnt handle well in strong sun - i use an umbrella over my cam as i film . big diff . so , is this newer model really all that much better ? ca n't wait to know ! 3x optical sounds good. .
camera pos 386.txt i received the xacti a few weeks ago and it 's performing like i hoped it would . the controls are a very simple and intuitive . all the required hardware is included . does not require any additional software to run on mac or windows . i have a macbook with boot camp running windows xp pro . the camera works easily with either platform . it is recognized as another drive and does not require any additional software to download the images and movies onto the hardrive . i am using a sandisk 2gb sd memory card . another big plus is not having to wait while downloading real-time like you would have to with minidv . the quality may not be the same as minidv but the convenience and ease of use make up for the difference . the quality is much better than a digital camera when taking movies and people will think it 's just a camera by it 's small size . my old camera was a 2 mega pixel canon powershot a60. this is rated at 6 mega pixel . you can definitely see the difference in the pictures and movies . when filming movies , the higher frames per second sample rate makes the images smooth , even when taking pictures of high speed objects like helicopter rotor blades and airplane propellers . this is my first camcorder so i ca n't really compare to anything else ( except my old camera ) but the ease of use will make you want to use it all the time and people will start to tell you to put that thing away
books neg 495.txt i am vietnamese and i grew up in new orleans during the 80 's and 90 's when the first waves were settling down there . i hate to tell this to everyone on this site but this book is the worst piece of fiction ever written . like many books written by someone who does not belong to the culture that he writes about , the book takes great liberties with the imagination and presents the stories from the viewpoint of the writer and not the actual people . the vietnamese characters in the book are portrayed as backwards , uneducated , and simple . further , the stories are depressing and very few of the characters seem to have any success . if you actually grew up in new orleans during the time that the vietnamese americans were setting root during the 80 's and 90 's , you would know that by and large , the community pulled itself from nothing to become quite successful . no real vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . i repeat - no vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . the book repeats many of the fallacies that i have noticed in other books written by predominantly caucasian male authors about east asian culture . there always seems to be 1 ) an asian prostitute 2 ) caucasian guy with asian bride 3 ) asian male in an emasculated role 4 ) asian people as backwards and simple . quite sad . this book reminds me quite a bit of memoirs of a geisha , though that portrayed japanese culture in a better light . by the way , the lady on which " memoirs of a geisha " is based and written about was quite upset at the author of memoirs of a geisha and did not feel that it portrayed her life or her thoughts in any way at all . regardless , if you really want to find out about the vietnamese american experience you should really read a book written by a vietnamese american
books pos 498.txt the book is complete brand new and i got it very quickly after the order even with the free shipping service . in addition , the price is pretty good for the book with such a good condition .
music pos 424.txt i first heard this album in the late 6o 's when it was originally released . starting with the first track , & quot ; blood of the sun&quot ; , i was hooked . leslie west was and has been a vastly unnoticed guitarist treasure . his throaty singing and driving band , featuring felix pappalardi , made this band one that should be placed on the list of & quot ; great ones&quot ; . probably due to the many other better publicized bands , like led zeppelin and the like , leslie west and mountain seemed to get shoved away into the closet . open the closet , you guitarists out there , and give this cd a try . i do n't think you will be anything but delighte
software pos 933.txt my husband is using the rosetta stone spanish program and loves it
books neg 254.txt being an engineer in the aerospace industry i was highly interested in this book based on my experiences from the vantage point a " hard industry . " i personally believe that it 's in our long term interests to maintain a strong manufacturing base because that 's the foundation of real wealth , not legal services or newswires . so this book sounded like the perfect source of information to explain our current economic situation , give an assessment of how bad or how good it really is , and suggest ways to improve it . oh , how very , very wrong i was . . . this book started off strong , . . . for about four pages . after that a litany of tortured logic , un-sourced assertions , facts taken completely out of context except for the author 's subjectively added adjectives , orwellian double-speak , sleight of hand arguments , flat out ridiculuos statements , contradictory assessments , and even emotional vitriol coalesced not so much into an argument for industry but one for eighteenth century mercantilism with perhaps a sprinkling of far left george soros on top to serve as an update for the twenty first century . even a broken watch is correct twice a day though , so there were some good points in the book which buy it the 2 star rating . these include : - manufacturing provides a large source of proprietary knowledge which both improves productivity and serves as a barrier of entry , creating an industry with a large base of high paying jobs , provided it 's run right . ( a big if . ) - high wage nations can still compete effectively with low wage nations in manufacturing by being capital intensive . - americans need to save more and our education system needs to produce more engineers and technically oriented graduates . - there is some excess in the financial services and managers of publicly traded companies take too short term a view , leading them to sell the company upriver in the long run because of a personal temporary short term gain . ( i.e. enron ) a scholarly , fair , and comprehensive book that focused on the above would be extremely interesting and useful . this is not what you 'll get in this book though . instead you 'll get : a begining section about postindustrialism , things like the internet , information technology , financial services , etc. , the things that make the services based economy . in three chapters the author simply sets up straw men by taking the worst examples of post industrial advocates , instead of presenting a comprehensive picture of the post industrial argument . not being satisfied with this he proceeds to beat the straw men , set them on fire , and piss on the smoldering remains . this is where vitriol even comes out , where he equates the post-industrialists to people incapable of even thinking . if someone has to go to this extreme to make their argument , they probably do n't have one . most telling he leaves the final assessment of the value of the internet to a feminist . to me , this would be like leaving the final assessment of how good a bicycle is to , oh , i do n't know , let 's say a fish . a middle section extolls the virtues of manufacturing . this is a bunch of hand picked anectdotal stories and there 's no overview of manufacturing in the world or its real impact on economies at large . this is the kind of subject that screams for reams of data , charts of gdp growth over time , pie charts of the breakdown of economies into services , manufacture , agriculture , etc. you will get none of that . there 's little value except in reassuring the obvious , high wage nations can do manufacturing . many of these cherry-picked anectdotal examples still do n't quite dove-tail with all his claims about manufacturing though ! you also know you 're being left in the dark with a plethora of cya disclaimer statments like " while industry_x has certainly had its share of problems recently . . . " at the begining of a section . a final section basically amounts to an attack on laissez-faire , free markets , and the concept of free trade . george soros and a bunch of other lefties , with pat buchanan thrown in for " balance " , should be listened to instead . the worst part of this book is the author 's lack of an ability to make any sort of coherent argument . examples of twisted thinking abound : - a post-industrial " industry " grows five times over in a certain period . the author then goes onto explain how this is not really real growth but something that in reality is bad . later he proves how great a manufacturing industry is because in the same period it grows a whopping 60% ! self contradictory evaluations of the performance of services vs manufacturing is common and always falls down on the side that the manufacturing industry is far far better than the service industry even when all the standard economic indicators suggest otherwise . the author 's challenge to the reader seems to be " who are you going to believe ? me , or your lying eyes ? " - he rips into american post industrial industries as being labor intensive and vulnerable to low wage nations because americans are no smarter or more creative or more anything than laborers around the world . later he talks about how great german manufacturing is because germans are so much more diligent than the rest of the world 's workers . - the only facts he presents - and they are surprisingly thin and overwhelmed by mere assertions - are always modified by his subjective opinion and never put in context . when describing service industries " paltry " $50 million revenues , " only " 60 , 000 jobs , " disappointing " 24% of revenues from foreign sources is common . but when describing manufacturing " a very high " $6 million revenues , " a good mix " of 1 , 500 jobs , and similar glowing assessments are inevitable despite the number to follow . a number in and of itself means nothing . the fact the author leaves out any head on , direct comparison between industries is telling . - official figures are the ultimate source of information when they agree with what the author believes . when the official figures do n't agree with him , he finds some loner who does and then barely explains how this time around the official figures are somehow wrong . when attacking his straw men though , he accuses them of ignoring official figures and quoting some loner . - gems of orwellian double-speak sentences include examples like " solar is already a fully competitive source of energy in remote areas that do not have grid electricity . ( pg . 184 ) " i.e. it 's competitive where there is no competition ! and " even in singapore , one of the freest societies in the east , the savings rate was successfully boosted by a system of forced savings . . . ( pg . 229 ) " that 's not very free if it 's forced is it ? ( his defense of solar is one of the most hilariously pathetic eight pages i 've ever read and really is worth the price of the book . he capstones it with the " most encouraging " observation that solar cells have gone from producing one third of the energy used to make them before they wore out - that is consuming more total energy in their manufacture than they eventually make ! - to now producing three times as much energy as required to produce them before they wear out . wow , what an achievement . any actual power source converts many thousands of times the energy used to manufacture it before it 's internal workings wear out , but whatever . . . ) - americans are dumb and the only successful american companies basically blundered into monopolies on standards . the american economy , despite the statistics , is in bad shape . the japanese instead are eight feet tall , can read people 's minds and see through lead . the japanese economy , despite the statistics , is in really great shape . this type of persistently biased characterization makes you question everything he claims , and eliminates any value or truth he might actually have in his arguments . the author basically ca n't get out of his own way . - he always attacks opponents of his viewpoint by claiming that they do n't put numbers into context , are using twisted logic , making mere assertions instead of quoting facts , etc. , apparently oblivious that these are the very same tactics he himself uses ! - he claims boeing is no longer a good company because 30% of components in a boeing aircraft are now made abroad vs. 2% in the 1960's . this is actually because foreign manufacturing for those components happens to be better and cheaper . america is n't doing that badly in aerospace by the way . the author fails to mention that 50% of the " european " airbus is made in america . this is an example of free trade actually distributing production to where it is most efficient . the list goes on and on to ridiculous proportions . you 'd have to buy the book to see them all because there 's at least one thing an alert and critical reader can find highly questionable on each page . all in all , this book was way off the mark and a highly squandered opportunity . it 's really a mercantilist argument , and the only common thread that i could see in all the author 's cloudy reasoning is that nation 's should do everything in their power to export more than they import no matter what . it 's not , unfortunately , a book about how to revitalize american manufacturing in a globalized world .
books neg 127.txt obviously , from all the reviews , this book appeals to many people . i am not one of them . perhaps it 's because i do n't care for science fiction . i found the writing stilted , the footnotes distracting to the point i stopped bothering with them , the story boring , and the ending ( covered in the introduction ) to be a twilight zone cliche . if , like me , you want to read the book because it has some connection to bicycles and cycling you will be disapppointed .
camera pos 139.txt im a graphic design student in college , so i really needed a camera . i decided on this one and i am really glad i did . the pictures are nice and clean . the camera itslef is a very sleek looking one and is very compact . the only downfall to this is that it eats batteries pretty quick , but i just took them out when i wasnt using them . buy this camera
dvd neg 213.txt bulworth is ostensibly warren beatty 's brave political satire in which a conservative senator suddenly starts liberally voicing those opinions that the rest of us are supposed to be thinking but are afraid to say . he tells a black church congregation to , " put away the malt liquor and fried chicken and stop supporting running backs that stab their wives . " if that 's what you were thinking , you 'll love this movie . otherwise , bulworth is jaw droppingly bad . to take such a hight position as to attack beatty for suggesting that black characters need a white powerbroking partriarch to come to his senses before their concerns can be publicly considered is to give bulworth way more credit than it deserves . it 's distinguished from movies that are simply " bad " through its inclusion on the short list of truly dangerous ones . not content to be racism hiding in plain site , bulworth 's racism is disguised as its own solution . drug dealers have their transactions justified as the only commercial avenue open to otherwise well-intended african-american youths . nina ( halle berry ) articulates an informed point , and it 's a joke because attractive young black women look funny when they talk smart , like high-grammar versions of zip coon . in so doing , beatty reminds black americans that no matter what they accomplish , we know who they really are . however limited the potential of the opening premise ( bulworth plans his own assassination for insurance purposes before inevitably changing his mind ) , the film never approaches the kind of farley brotheresque world that would have been its natural destination . the sincerity of the politician 's catharsis is hidden from us , both because his new outlook is originally motivated only by the insurance scam and because once beatty starts rapping his lines , he never stops , making the actor ( as opposed to the character ) look uncomfortable for the duration . that this movie lured audiences and critics into its didactic spell is astonishing . the film 's ambition to be more than a cute little movie while being exactly the opposite reminds this reviewer of roberto benigni 's embarrassing " life is beautiful " from the year before . both have to be seen to be believed
books pos 321.txt thankfully , this is not littered with platitudes and meaningless anaologies , the hallmarks of 99% of the latest-and-greatest business books . especially since it was written in 1999 , moore 's is an incredibly insightful and prophetic book on strategy for the high-tech industry . he was predicting cutting edge changes then that are coming into reality today in 2005. the book is much more descriptive than prescriptive though , and is best used as a tool to instigate discussions about corporate strategy , rather than as a checklist for strategic implementation . i help run an online software development company and although it is n't exactly " high tech " i still found the vast majority of it very helpful and the rest of it fascinating . market shifts are demanding broadband wireless internet everywhere- -free . companies are shifting towards web-basing software applications . all very relevant to my business . the book is well written , an easy and moderately fast read , and very accessible by anyone who is technology-savvy enough to at least hold an email address . yes , buy it . buy the paperback and save money . short synopsis : in the infancy of a market , products need to be highly tailored to meet the psychological and technical needs of leading edge techno-geeks ; nothing new here . when a company wants to take that product and make it marketable to the middle majority- -where the biggest money sits- -it requires a commitment to discipline and shift its strategy in order to do so . the emphasis shifts intially to identifying a single niche segment and creating a comprehensive , tailored product , that meets all of their needs- -create the " whole product " by using partners and 3rd party services to patchwork the thing together . then , stop tweaking the product . if that works , pick related niches and go after them the same way , creating the " whole product " for each of them . once people at large are comfortable enough to make the paradigm shift for that market ( this all deals with new , high-tech changes ) and start doing so en masse , the strategy must completely shift again to a ship-first / fix-the-product-later mentality in a mad , market share scramble . at this phase , you are " in the tornado . " lots of examples of successful and abysmal strategies used by high tech companies whose names are familiar to everyone , at each stage mentioned above .
software neg 646.txt i have used lots of printmaster versions i had some trouble with version 16 with the address book so i was happy to find that a new version was out and called to order they told me i would n't have a problem with the new one . this new version is junk ; all the projects have to be downloaded so if you do n't have a high speed connection forget it ! i do n't like the fact that you have to go on line every time you want to create a card etc. i sent a note to customer service and just received a generic response . so looks like i have to find new software
software neg 670.txt this is a product that is dependent on constant upgrades because the most current version of the 2006 tax forms are often not available when it first comes out . that is the nature of the product . however , for the third year in a row , many macintosh users have run into problems with their automated online form upgrade process . if the automated upgrade process does not work , you can do the upgrade manually , but that is a somewhat complex process . alternatively , you can order a snail mail version of the upgraded program , if you can ever get through to the phone number you have to call . they always seem to be encountering a large volume of calls no matter what time you call . its a great product once you get it upgraded to contain the most recent version of the forms . i wonder if the automated upgrade process works for windows users ? at any rate , until they fix the automated upgrade process , an important part of the software , i have to rate it as low as possible
camera neg 488.txt hi , i bought this camera and installed the driver from both the cd and then the web . it caused my computer ( a good , modern , fast computer ) to crash both times . the camera worked without interfacing with the computer , but , then , what 's the point ? also , the pictures and movies were very grainy and low quality . the tech support when i had these problems was horrible . they really did n't stand behind the product at all and to me that 's the most important thing ! maybe i could have gotten it to work , but not without some input from aiptek . i 've never written one of these reviews before , but this really got to me . do n't buy this camera is my advice .
dvd neg 294.txt these plays were okay , i 'm glad i rented them before buying them . the props and things were very nice , the actors did n't gel well with each other or connect with their characters and the singing was mediocre ( definitely no tyler perry quality on that note ) but the messages were good just seemed a little unrealistic and too drawn out . i thought alexander o'neal sang in one of them but he did n't
health neg 367.txt i bought two of these pieces of junk , and believe me they do not work unless your room is about 3 feet by 3 feet by 3 feet . it recirculates the same air over and over in a tiny area ! when they say it cleans 700 cubic feet per hour , that is simply what the fan can move per hour not what it actually will clean in a 10 foot by 10 foot by 7 foot room . the fan is so weak at full speed you can barely feel it . really it is sucking in air through the bottom and blowing it out at the top . both the inlet and outlet are facing the same side so you are basically recirculating most of the same air over and over again . this thing would need to be 7 feet tall to really work well . in a hospital they have huge systems that move the air past larger arrays of bulbs . so here you are sitting in a room with your kids coughing on one side and this thing recirculating the same air over and over again , in a little tiny airspace , what a great deal . just be ready to buy 10 of them per room . maybe you can try hanging 5 on the celiing and putting 5 on the floor of a 4 ' x5 ' bathroom and it might work in a week . do yourself a favor , and buy a machine that has more uv light bulbs , and has a greater airflow so all the air in a room is moving and all of the air in the room goes through the filter . i gave it a one because it looks nifty .
books pos 778.txt " the climb " was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur 's " into thin air " . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur 's book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that " the climb " seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as " into thin air " , " the climb " still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev 's english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding " translations " about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev 's native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur 's clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie " everest " .
health pos 693.txt good for dust storms in desert-like environments . great for looking suave . very convenient for easy on / off .
books neg 550.txt i 'm trying to figure out what the appropriate subtitle for this book should be and i ca n't decide among the following : * travels through guilt with the world 's 33rd richest hippie * the mind of an empty suit * a self-important revisionist history * how i learned to hate myself and love the third world * memoirs of a cold war paperpusher confessions of an economic hitman by john perkins is an exclamation point riddled history of a few financial manipulations of the cold war by a man who had no stake in his own ambition . the first thing you notice about this account is that it is written by a man who thinks he was sitting on top of the world , when in fact he was just a cog in the energy industry . if you are credulous enough to believe that the debts and revenues associated with the energy business is indeed the core principle of the global economy , then the moral outrage of this book makes sense . but there 's a whole lot to swallow . on the plus side , it 's a fast and somewhat entertaining read . otherwise it is a exercise in the slow revelations of a kind of self-loathing that takes about 20 years to surface . one of the things that i 've had in mind as i was reading this screed was the sense of geography as destiny . as i look at the 20th century , i think of most of it focused on the economics of . perkins was one of the people who made the truth a narrative of economic exploitation . he falls in love with socialist charismatics in latin america , rues the lives of poor peasants , and bemoans the basic nature of corporate capitalism without ever acknowledging or even understanding the basic nature of socialism . perkins is a perfect example of a cultural relativist . a perceptive reader can see how much he hates his hometown and parents and idolizes romantic ideals associated with revolutionary rhetoric . but you ca n't imagine that he even had the temerity to read marx , weber , engles , friere or anyone . back when i was a bit more blackified , i referred to such people as culture vultures . if it 's indigenous , it 's good . but you 'll never see him once talk about infant mortality statistics , literacy rates , crime rates or even inflation . i discovered a bit too late that this book would teach me nothing about the business of foreign direct investment or the workings of the world bank except that he saw it as evil . technically , you 'll get a great deal more insight reading wikipedia . basically , perkins assumes that his game was the only game on the planet , his company was smack dab in the middle of it and that it was all being subtley directed by the cia and nsa and that this is , was and always will be the american way . you really get a foggy view of the evil empire of america from perkins , who resembles nobody quite so much as a cynical wanker who is too soulless to quit the game . it 's a confession all right . by the time i got 2 / 3rds of the way through , reading the book began to become annoying . the incredible vacuity of this man was staggering . there are no personal relationships in the book worth speaking of . he found loyalty only to his bosses worth mentioning . it is a stunning revelation about his character that he never once had a kind word to say or any personal quality worth mentioning about his staff that stands out in memory . we learn that he took one of his charges ( female ) on a yacht cruise to some isle in the caribbean , but that when he got there , he was so sickened by his guilty conscience that he banged his head against the coconut trees . if you want to understand something about the life of an economist and high finance , the best book i 've read is my life as a quant . if you want to understand something about the life of a reluctant spy , the best book to read is larry kolb 's overworld . if you want to get well-written account of a man who was too spoiled to find himself while being a toady in the economic hardball of the cold war era , then this is your book . but it 's nowhere near as good as , say the quiet american . you can imagine that perkins , who is a great admirer of graham greene , might have had aspirations to be such a character as greene might pen . he is earnest to tell such a story that would portray himself thus , but he is to honest to consider himself heroic , and i suspect that he 'll be working off his guilt for the rest of his life . in that regard , ' confessions of an economic hitman ' is ( now prefaced and extended in the paperback edition ) a blueprint for american liberal guilt . if there was ever someone who truly believed that global warming and a host of other blowbacks are destined to doom america to a well-deserved kharmic smackdown , it is john perkins . he has always been a citizen of the world pretending to be a patriotic american , down to the repetitions of his undying faith in the words of thomas paine . you 'd think , being a pseudo-economist , that he 'd have some room in his heart for alexander hamilton . ahh but that would mean that he 'd have to admire courage . i did n't want to be a harsh judge of perkins . i thought i might learn of an extraordinary life , one of conviction and then epiphany . instead i learned of a small yapping dog who was always on a leash he lacked the spirit to gnaw through . someone who would tell us in the end that we should use less oil and that ' corporatocray ' is evil . this book has been a disappointment in many ways . i may well be very happy to read thomas friedman after this . good parts ? yeah there are a few . he speaks about a few south american presidents who might have been contenders . he gives a few details about saudi aramco . but compared to larry kolb 's fascinating and detailed portraits of daniel ortega and adnan khashoggi , this is romper room . if perkins thought he was an agent.. . do n't make me laugh
dvd neg 318.txt i love david cross 's comedy , i love his stand up , i love mr. show . but this dvd is not kinda boring , it is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen . there may be a few folks who find something entertaining in this dvd - - there is no accounting for taste . but 98 out of 100 normal people will simply shake their heads trying to figure out why this dvd was released
dvd neg 879.txt this went up from one * in tribute to the neat hammy acting job from alec guiness as charles ii , but otherwise its just a mess . the film called out for a screenplay by a robert bolt or a john prebble , but instead it was penned by its director kenneth hughes , who also gave us such film masterpieces as " casino royale " and " chitty chitty bang bang " . richard harris is his usually unrestrained self , and thats not a compliment . now , i wont even go into the politics , which attempt to portray oliver cromwell as some sort of liberating hero : as ridiculous a take on the english civil wars as alexandre dumas 's paean to charles ii in " twenty years after " , but nowhere near as entertaining .
health pos 243.txt a very gentle undereye cream . i have used other name brands which extensively irritated my eyes and made them tear all the time . this one is definitely a keeper
books pos 599.txt this is the best invertebrate zoology textbook on the market , perhaps the best ever written . the authors are not content to merely present in fine detail the classification , anatomy , physiology , behavior , and ecology of invertebrates , they present alternative interpretations and controversial opinions where these topics are concerned . in that way , invertebrate zoology comes alive as an active , important , and relevant field of study for understanding the ecology and evolutionary relationships of these organisms in a global setting . i highly recommend this book for a course of study or as a reference for earth science instructors who wish to solidify and deepend their knowledge and understanding of invertebrates
music pos 643.txt i heard this music on the excellent p b s documentary : & quot ; liberty - the american revolution&quot ; and i knew i had to have it ! it is the finest music i have heard , capturing the heart and soul of the american revolution . the documentary & quot ; liberty&quot ; was a masterpiece that was beautiful and moving . so too this music with its most wonderful arrangements and accompaniment . i love it ! i could hardly wait to get it in the mail . it framed the documentary ( which i also bought ) like a great frame compliments a beautiful canvas painting . superlatives fail me . this music must be experienced by first watching the great series on the american revolution and then by listening to it apart . this is some of the most wonderful music i have ever heard . it reminds me of the genius of aaron copland who wrote the applachian spring and rodeo suites
dvd neg 299.txt musicals are historically slight in the plot department , and this movie is no exception . three stars : one fading , one rising and one coasting do not help matters either . rita is the fading star . it was painful for me to watch the once dazzling love goddess reduced to playing the controlling widow . the make up department probably had to work overtime trying to cover the circles under her eyes , and her hair and costumes are just bad . novak is the rising star , although i do n't get the 50 's obsession with bubble headed , busty , bleach blond bimbos . it would help if she could act , but sadly her range is very limited . i truly believe they added the dog to help make her character sympathetic , since she was unable to convey it herself . then there is frank just coasting on his charm and cool . does n't seem plausible that a hep cat like him , who could bag any " doll " , " dame " or " mouse ? " , would fall for either of these gals . anyway , i gave it 2 stars because of snuffy the dog . he stole every scene he was in . although that was n't too difficult to do in such a dog of a movie
health pos 657.txt the filter is small compared with most other systems ; has a sturdy , metal fixture and pull-knob activator ; filters quickly with plenty pressure ; and of course it has the great culligan taste
books pos 584.txt the title of this book is rather deceptive in that you certainly do n't need to be adventurous or daring to find this book helpful . i do sedate landscapes and found his book an excellent guide . basically , if you do the least bit of original design in your work - altering an element or two , changing colors around - or if you do whole original works ( but have n't actually gone to art school ) this book is extremely useful . it covers the basics of design and color with a focus on the embroiderer or fiber artist . you can do all the suggested activities in the book in order as a complete design course , or pick and choose sections as needed . if you wonder why some of your works look great and others look , well , not as great , this book is for you
camera pos 256.txt i bought this lens a little over a year ago for macro shooting . i quickly found out , however , that to shoot macro-only with this lens is a crime . it is a very versitile lens . its fast f / 2.8 aperture makes for good shooting in low light . i pretty much use this outdoors as the 100mm with the 1.6x crop factor of my rebel xt eliminates most indoor oppurtunities . i frequently use this lens for family portraits , the resultant photo is so crisp and clear and the bokeh really helps add snap to the primary subject . as others have stated , this is a heavy lens . it does n't have image stabilization ( is ) so a tripod or monopod is a great accessory to get the best images . i use a beefy monopod for my best shots , although i have a lot of handheld gems.. . if you are tight for cash , this is n't the " one lens " that does it all . if you are looking for a versitile lens that can do outstanding macros and portraits , this is that lens .
books pos 445.txt this is not a fad diet . this is a simple , straighforward and helpful guide on how to eat . puhn 's style is friendly and upfront . i read this book over two years ago , and my eating habits will never be as random and damaging as they used to be , because the principles described are easy to implement . great book
books neg 645.txt do not buy this book . this author belives that he can cure dyslexia with his mind 's eye . you can not cure dyslexia you just have to learn a different way from the norm with the right tools such as an orton-gillingham based program . i bought this book by mistake not looking carefully at the author .
books neg 765.txt is that those who read it and believe it , believe they actualy have girlfriends ! ! ! come on ! admit it you are guys who wear black sabbath t-shirts and live in your parents basements . you also believe that you can get control of you live by chanting some spells from a book made to get your money . look , go get a hair cut , take a bath and loose 10 pounds and you will probably get that girl friend that you talk about . oh by the way the necronomicon is fiction ! . . except for the real copy that is in my basement , in my parents house where i used to live when i was 15
camera neg 787.txt i have owned numerous celestron telescopes up to 11-inch apertures , so i expected better . i ordered this for my daughter - it arrived defective ; the primary mirror had slipped from its bracket , making collimation impossible . in celestron 's defense , it likely happened in transit . amazon 's return policy is not a hassle , and i 'm upgrading her to another telescope . i 'm sure that had this particular scope not arrived in a defective condition it would have made a great scope . only criticism is the plugs on the back to cover the collimation screws pop out a bit too easily
camera neg 925.txt overall , i was entirely disappointed with this camaera . the packaging and description were deceiving . there was no view finding screen , only a teeny , tiny window as in a regular camera . this was a gift for a child who would have had just as much fun with a throw away camera . i bought it because i wanted to give her a digital that had a large view finding screen . the construction would not hold up to a single drop on the ground . i would not recommend this to anyone
music pos 108.txt i was already a fan of mike and the jacksons , but when motown 25 came on in 83 , this guy set the standard for what music and performance could be and where it could go . till this day in my lifetime that one performance at motown 25 is the single most perfect performance i 've ever seen . i remember the next day at school and the next month after that performance we had all kind of talent shows where all of the kids were trying to out moonwalk each other . the saddest and funniest part was watching the less fortunate kids who could not afford the michael gear wearing tube socks with dress shoes and kids making home made glitter and rhinestone gloves . hilarious . as an adult , i refuse to let the media and even michael himself ruin my childhood memories of this untouchable piece of music . 24 years later thriller remains the album to beat
dvd pos 592.txt vhs - i have watched this over and over and loved every minute of it so much so i have now ordered the dvd i only wished the film could have lasted longer . i never worry about what other people think i prefer to make my own mind up and entirely disagree with the negative comments and will not let others spoil my enjoyment of the film whatsoever . make up your own mind and do n't let others put you off ! i have all jane austen 's bbc series but this is my favourite . angie london englan
health pos 340.txt it is working well , little slow warm up . but actually i wanted a hot air brush , not this , because i have very short hair , but i was mistaken when i ordered hot brush instead of hot air brush
books pos 921.txt roman , by roman polanski is a very good book . it is very touching about his memories of his late wife , sharon tate and their short life together . roman lost his wife and unborn child in 1969 by the manson group . he had a very hard life in poland during wwii . he lost both his parents during that time , but he grew up to be a world famous director . the book tells about his struggles during these times , and also during the period after the deaths of his wife and child . he tells about his hollywood days of directing , his famous friends , famous people and then what turned out to be his downfall...with the teenaged girl acusing him of sexual contact and him being arrested . to avoid persecution , roman left the united states and has been in exile in france ever since , but still directs and has released more movies . but , the book is very well told , and gives a good insite on roman 's life and his career
music neg 689.txt tony kushner 's liner notes are a chilling foretaste of his jew-hatred-soaked script for the film " munich . " a paragon of self-regard , he sneers at the historicity and compelling morality of the jewish people 's attachment through the millenia to its eternal homeland . rather , kushner makes a point of elevating the moral stature of the islamofascists who have unhesitatingly and unceasingly for a century prosecuted a campaign of genocidal slaughter against any and all jews who sought to reclaim their stolen patrimony ( through aboveboard land-purchase and settlement , prior to wars of justifiable self-defense ) . like his evil arab idols , kushner cannot abide the concept of a restored jewish commonwealth , secured on a foundation of existential legitimacy , political independence , and territorial sovereignty . zionism , and its morally necessary outcome the state of israel , enabled and is continuing to enable the very effloresence of jewish culture in the us in the post-1948 and certainly post-1967 vineyards where the klezmatics have been frolicking and where kushner has gained his fame and fortune . but kushner hates the very thought of being liberated , and seeks to sow that hatred throughout world jewry . the klezmatics should feel ashamed for linking themselves to this cruel purveyor of assisted suicide .
music neg 189.txt this is the #1 worse song of 2006 ( #2 is " sexyback " by justin timberfake ) . for real . his voice is awful and i do n't know who is worse : james blunt , macy gray , or shakira . imagine the three of them doing a performance together on a stage . it would be pure he11
software neg 402.txt i got my dvd a few weeks back and discovered i could not read any of the files form the 1990s . i tried on several computers i have in the house and came to realize that the dvd is defective . i contacted gitcorp about the problem and they informed me they would send me a replacement disc . problem is that after nearly four weeks there has n't been any dvd and repeated attempts to contact gitcorp has resulted in no reponses . update , after continued emails to gitcorp , i finally got a replacment dvd . they did n't even ask to see the original bad dvd . so my rating of this product would go up if i could . if you buy the product , check it closely , and get in touch with gitcorp as soon as you find any problems . they can be very slow about responding
software pos 59.txt great sw , easy to learn , and good graphics . really helps visualize the space when you can see it 3d . could be improved if numerous similar objects could be selected and changed simultaneously ( e.g. , windows , doors , cabinets to get all with the same materials , colors , & hardware rather than one at a time - very labor intensive ) . should warn users to select / create a style and then copy / paste them where needed . also , difficult ( maybe impossible , because i have n't figured out how to do it ) to change a room 's / house 's overall style once you start a given design
books pos 482.txt i have used this book for more than 5 years and take it with me on every trip to paris . if you ca n't get success from these recipes then you might consider some other past time than baking . get used to baking with weights and this book is perfect . something as simple as a madeleinne is created perfectly in weight measures but just a shot in the dark when using volume measurments . this book is not exactly for beginner bakers but if you have some experience it is fantasti
music pos 878.txt this album has morse code on it , what more can you say.. . ...well some of that morse code actually sounds like that ua6 you just worked on 40 metres , complete with t6 buzz and slow drift . and the music is pretty good too .
health neg 538.txt for the price you cant beat this product , if the problem i 'm experiencing can be solved . i bought two of these brushes , one for my home bathroom and one for my work-out bag . love the price and timer feature.. . but it seems that once i 've used up the power in the brush , it wont recharge properly . i 'm experiencing this problem with both brushes no matter how long i leave it in the charger . if there is a simple fix for this then i 'd say 5 stars . if not , then 2 stars is well earned , seeing as how i 've been on their support line waiting ( as i type this ) for over an hour
software neg 505.txt i purchased this item for $10 from comp usa . there was a problem with some of the files so when i finished installing it , my computer was a mess . i lost all my desk top icons and my computer was extremely slow to respond to anything else . it took me a while to get the program removed and i eventually ended up doing a system restore . when the screensaver came up it did look awesome . i wish i could have used it but i am not going to try and install it again .
camera neg 217.txt this camera will probably go down in nikon 's history as one of its most over-priced and disappointing cameras . i bought mine through amazon from calumet in january 2003. from the start , the colors never looked right , especially the ghastly magenta-toned skin tones . i also bought the sb800s ( 3 of them ) , thinking the cls would be a great addition . but the system uses ir and is unreliable in any situation except very tight environments . the camera has a wonderful feel , viewfinder and reasonably good controls . but the results are disappointing . the sensor is undersized for this class of camera and considering what its competition ( canon ) offers . nikon finally realized this and on dec. 13 decided to dump all these cameras by lowering the price $1 , 200. it just so happened mine was in melville , n.y. , with a long list of issues to be repaired while it was still under warranty . these include bad af performance since upgrading to v2 of the firmware , bad color , overexposure , blurry images with the vr lens and inconsistent color balance from frame to frame even when using a preset value . i would strongly suggest that you do n't buy this camera and thereby reward nikon for producing an inferior product originally sold at a ridiculous price for what it offers . indeed , forget nikon and go to canon
books pos 600.txt peck relates growing up in rural / small town vermont with a best friend who gets him into lots of trouble . humor and pranks abound in between lessons learned
dvd pos 763.txt this movie is great ! very subtle humor but if you watch it you will be laughing out loud . love it
dvd pos 719.txt these 50 's and 60 's films i saw at the theatre with my brothers and never forgot them . i plan to give it brother a set to bring back those times
music pos 661.txt i wonder if the two reviewers who said they were disappointed in this soundtrack watched the film ? my guess is that they did not . the film was enhanced by the james horner score and it would have been hurt by anything that was not light and subtle . it is a unique and amazing film and the score is a perfect match . by the way , the bigwigs at universal nearly died when they heard it and then were equally stunned when they asked horner for the written score and he had to admit that none existed ! wonderful music
health neg 337.txt i tried this thermometer on my baby and then even on myself when i could n't get a consistent reading . the temperatures were so varied it was completely useless ! ! very disappointed ! ! i returned it without even the box
dvd pos 388.txt such a kiddie classic..so cute im 22 and had to have this because i loved it as a ki
software pos 362.txt this is truly the killer application for comic book collectors . you get the comic 's whole run from its auspicious origins in 1961 to its current incarnation at the end of 2004 , in a tiny dvd that you can carry anywhere . the thrill of reading classical issues in all their colored glory is not to be missed , particularly for those not reprinted so far . i especially enjoyed the impossible man and molecule man origin stories . seeing how particular adventures ended is also great fun , since i owned some comics from the generally undistinguished 1980s , but did n't know how things turned out . being able to read the entire john byrne run of the mid-eighties was spectacular . it 's even better than his work at the x-men , and almost as cool as the lee-kirby years . this is so much better than the essentials , since it 's in color and so much cheaper , plus it includes the original ads and letter pages . it also beats the masterworks series not only on account of price , but also because it has the original colors . it 's as good as owning the complete collection , but it will take up less space and hence will generate less nagging from mothers or wives . this is a must have item , with perhaps the best price / quality ratio i have ever seen . can it be improved ? sure . why not take advantage of the possibilities of computers and create an index of all characters that would allow the reader to see all appearances of a character over the years ? why not create an index of writers and artists , so that one may quickly get a view of their work ? cross-referencing is the next step the good people at marvel must be working on . but there 's no reason to wait for that . even as it is , this dvd is not just good enough . it is great , like the fantastic four themselves
health neg 643.txt it lasted one year and two weeks , then the motor died . while it worked it was great . i am tempted to buy a replacement , but will probably end up trying another brand . the manufacturer is probably banking on people buying several , because when they do work they do a great job
software pos 122.txt this was a wonderful game ! hours of good , solid game play . an interesting mystery and intriguing characters . a chance to interact with aquatic life . i learned how to work a gps and a ham radio . it was so much fun . the puzzles were a good mix of ability-levels and types . word puzzles , spatial puzzles , problem-solving ones . i can completely recommend this game
software neg 825.txt for those considering outlook 2007 , beware of my experience : one morning i ran outlook 2007 to find it would not download email messages at all . ( i would get an error about mapi . ) this appears to be due to an automatic office update of the junk mail filter . one of the most important features of an email program is that it does n't suddenly stop being able to check email ( imagine being on a business trip ) . automatic improvements to the junk mail filter sounds great , but if that means one morning i wake up to not be able to check email at all , then the medicine is worse than the disease . the new features and changes outlook 2007 really do not compensate for the lack of reliability . if you have another email program that works , i 'd stick with it and not switch to outlook 2007. on a positive note , i was able to fix the above problem by running repair ( reinstall ) from the office 2007 install program , but this took half an hour or so to run .
camera neg 126.txt this item is either not coated or has a single coating and thus any time sun hits the filter , it produces flare in the picture . furthermore , after doing more research it turns out that these uncoated or single coated filters can cause up to 9% light loss vs multi-coated filters like hoya s-hmc or b+w mrc filters . as for polarizer effect itself , i think it 's amazing and you owe it to yourself to at least try it on a nice sunny day . ( the sky and foliage will look completely different and alive
software neg 806.txt just terrible software . often does not work - if that would be the only thing it would be enough . but it is worse than that . bogs down your computer big time . makes it run super slow . horrible . whoever has written good reviews must be shills for norton . avoid . repeat . avoid
software pos 123.txt i had a lot of fun playing this game and look foward to playing more nancy drew products . it was interesting and i could n't wait to solve the mystery ! i enjoyed myself a lot !
software neg 492.txt this item has not been received in 25 days ! no help from vendo
music pos 572.txt this is one of those rare cds that you 'll leave in your car cd player for months and not get tired of , because it fits most moods . feels like melissa etheridge meets cheryl crow , with an old blues feel here and there , and some nice , heavy tori amos-like piano and vocals here and there too
dvd neg 655.txt these 2 guys playing harry and lloyd were so disastrous . they did n't even know how to act corny when they 're supposed to . jim carrey might be crazy at times but i do n't think he 's this bad . the whole thing looked like monkeys flying around the screen . nevertheless , it has some funny moments like when jessica 's parents found all the poo sticking all over the toilet . the whole idea of a ' special class ' was just so stupid . nothing made sense . i did n't see a single point of the whole plot in the first place just to get a little extra cash . the first one was a lot better than this one . jim carrey and jeff daniels were a lot dumber and a lot funnier . these 2 were worse than dumb and were n't even funny at all . i guess ' dumb and dumberer ' would be better if it were still jim carrey and jeff daniels starring but nooo , it had to be these 2 who i do n't even know . please do n't watch it guys . it may be funny for some guys but it 's mostly corny like kindergarteners gone wild . watch the first one ! ! ! kirstie mabita
music pos 561.txt when i bought this cd i did not know that much about supergrass . the only songs i had even heard were " pumping on the stereo " and " sun hits the sky " and i liked both of these songs a lot . so while i was cruising the aisles in the record shop , my eyes caught a glimpse of supergrass is 10 , so i decided to buy it because it was at a great price , and i am glad i did . the cd has not left my car since i bought it two months ago . every single one of the songs can get stuck in your head , and you won'tbe upset . from the opening track " caught by the fuzz " to the finale " wait for the sun " the album just rock throughout , and everytime i listen to it i want more . the album clocks in at 71 minutes , but everytime i am done listenintg to it i feel unfulfilled . that is a sign of a band making great music
music neg 830.txt i was deeply disappointed by the so-called & quot ; return of the funk&quot ; with the headhunters reuniting with their original lineup . as compared to herbie hancock 's original & quot ; headhunters&quot ; release , the return of the headhunters is missing one main ingredient , the grease . this recent release has traded the & quot ; grits and gravy&quot ; created by the sounds of overdriven analog equipment and early model synthesizers , for over-produced smooth jazz-funk , complete with overused n'dea davenport r&amp ; b hooks that left this album flat
dvd neg 505.txt happy gilmore is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . then i watched billy madison and it was about a totally moronic spoilt rich kid . total opposites sometimes do n't atract .
dvd pos 955.txt good subject , the workings of a devious female mind . a complicated love triangle . superb acting
health pos 624.txt its a nice little trimmer and not cumbersome at all like the remington trimmers . it has a cheap little organizer but as long as your not rough with it , it shouldnt break . another benefit is that you can rinse all the attachments under hot water in addition to brushing the hair out prior to that to ensure a very clean trimmer . just remember folks this is a trimmer not a wet blade or electric razor..it will leave a very fine layer of stubble which is fine by me . a man can still look neat if he shapes up the facial hair before reducing it to fine stubble . my shaving experience with this thing is pleasant...it does not pull hairs which is very refreshing for a trimmer . the only other device i never had / have that problem with is my braun 360 complete ( parts of the year i shave , other parts of the year i trim ) . its a very nice package and efficient . the only drawback is that it seems fragile...so be careful not to drop any part of this set
music neg 207.txt the music of dowland is wonderful - but sting is n't up to interpreting it . you ca n't even distinguish the words half the time , just a jumble of nice sounds from his pretty tenor - he does n't possess the skills to carry it off . this music has to be interpreted by someone with an ability to express thoughts in heightened language...sting , for all his merits , has n't got that in his repertoire yet . it 's an exercise in pretention , laughable at times . the letter reading is ridiculous . i love both sting 's voice and dowland 's song , but this cd is a failure .
health pos 533.txt this shaver replaced a norelco advantage ( 6 years old ) that was shaving good but would no longer hold a charge for more than a couple of days . i ca n't honestly say if it shaves as close as a blade because i have n't shaved with a blade in many years . i have used foil shavers in the past ( braun and panasonic ) and though they might shave closer than a rotary the cost to replace the foils and the nicks that you get is not worth it . i have been using this shaver for about 3 months . during that time i have charged it only twice including the initial charge and that is using it at least every other day . at first i thought it was underpowered because it is so quiet but soon found out that it shaves much closer than my old advantage which i thought was doing a great job . it shaves quick and close ( personally i think as close as a blade ) . when you are done shaving you just rinse it under the tap and let it dry . it does n't get any easier than that . i have cleaned the heads once as stated in the instructions and that is easy too . the only con is i have dry sensitive skin and have not seen any difference between the 3 comfort settings . use electric shave before shaving and i think that you will agree that it shaves as close as a blade without the irritation . highly recommended and worth the price .
dvd neg 574.txt i bought the dvd for my collection after watching the film on tcm . the musical perfomances are terrific . upon receiving the dvd , i was very disappointed in the quality of the dvd production . the dvd states digital sound , but the sound quality is very poor and not at all as enjoyable as the broadcast on tcm .
health neg 503.txt i purchased the waterpik na-2 gentle sinuse rinse attachment , expecting it to work with the waterpik professional ultra dental water jet , since that is what was advertised . they do n't fit in this model , so do n't waste your time purchasing both together ! the sinus attachments are too short , so they ca n't " click " into the water pik . the end result : water leaks out , and there is no pressure through the sinus attachment . i had to return both items since the amazon rep could n't find any sinus attachment to work in the waterpik ultra model . it 's a shame because i love the small footprint of the waterpik ultra , and it comes with a lot of cool attachments . hopefully waterpik will come up with something in the near future
software pos 545.txt i enjoy the aqua real 3d ! its enjoyable to have fish but its a lot of work to keep it up . having this 3d virtual reality fish is fun and brings the enjoyment w / out the work . its very relaxing to watch the fish and to listen to the water . even my cat watches the fish.. .
books neg 493.txt the instruction manual in eq2 is quite addiquate regardless of class . things you are not sure of are learned as you go or you can post on numerous forums for answers . since there are stats on top of stats and such vast areas with tons and tons of resources and itesm to be had , this book helps you get an idea of the " where " and " what " . as in where you may find x or what y actually does and realated stats . its a reference guide . but as this game is so dynamic , this book has a limited lifspan and as you develop in the world you will find it to be " old news " rather quickly
software pos 256.txt i have been using various versions of print shop for years . i am very impressed with the number of new inovations of this new versioon of print sho
software pos 203.txt ok , sorry , i 've been vectoring line art since 1990. my current machine is an amd athlon xp with the 333 fsb , 1 gig ram & 80 gig hd shared on network & a 40 gig hd for software , os is xppro , it 's 2 years old i think . i installed three cathode ray tubes , you know ; big boxy monitors , the largest of which is a 21 inch monster right in my face all day . i read the reviews here and started " quaking " in my boots ! oops i said to myself , and i looked up my previous day 's purchases for the new artist i just hired . sure enough ; i bought cs2 for the new machine . so i downloaded the 30 day trial for illustrator cs2 upyours , i mean upgrade . replacing my old illustrator 8.01 these kids i 've been interviewing made me think i should take a look outside my cave ! so i got it loaded up and sure enough ; it takes longer to load than my old corrupted rusty buddy ; illustrator 8.01 , about twice as long . ( so leave it running ) ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! but wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i should have done this sooner , or should i have ? as soon as it was running illustrator cs2 auto updated itself . it wanted it 's adobe bridge fixed up . so i let it . this is just exactly what people have been complaining about . ******** the bridge is fixed ********* way super cool dude ! i keep the bridge open on the right monitor and i can drag art into illustrator cs2 at lightning speed . the whole time i get to see super big previews of all the artwork i need to work with . way better than xppro 's little thumbnails . live trace : realy nice , i think this is what these companies are using to sell vectored line art to printers like me . it is very accurate and seems to acomodate all those nasty giant pixels that up till now , took a human brain to see past while vectoring . ok , it 's not as good as a skilled craftsman such as ( full of ) myself , but for only about $160 or so , it 's like a gift from almighty god ! no crashes , no bugs , just pure inteligence from adobe once again . do n't you think of a little white mud hut in the dessert when you say adobe ? i really apreciate the object oriented work bar thing at the top , wait , let me go look at what it 's called , hmmmm , still do n't know , well it changes according to what kind of object you 've clicked on in your artwork . also this new wonder of technology solves an old problem of global color change needed for color separation work . that top task bar object oriented do-hickey is similar but better than the one in photoshop . transparent objects , looks like everything can be transparent , wow , do you know what that means ? ? ? i gotta go use it some more , it 's just way to cool . ok , i 'm back , even fonts can be transparent , .tiffs .jpgs , everything . this means way less jumping back and forth from photoshop to illustrator . but i do believe you have to be very capable with your hardware , operating system , and have at least a year ; full time with illustrator and photoshop to fully appreciate the thought and creative potential that adobe has opened up for us
dvd neg 549.txt travolta was great in saturday night fever , but this country version just did n't work . although he 's a good actor , he just was wrongly cast in this film
music neg 30.txt having watched most , if not all of john waters films i was sorely dissapointed by this album , obviously his name was put to something he had n't quite looked deeply enough in to . talk about misleading . as we all know john waters has a certain reputation for sleaze , trash , camp , kitch and bad taste in all the best possible terms , this album had none of this . shame on you john waters for putting your name to a complete load of rubbis
health pos 507.txt this is the best reacher i have ever used . i am in a wheelchair due to ms and have used various types over the past 6 years but the quality and ease of use is much better with this .
software neg 878.txt i was a real fan of omnipage until this version . the scanning speed is slug like . the proof reading function has is less functional the version 14 , and it tends to forget the scanner settings . no noticable new features where added from version 14 , and this seems to be a new version for the sake of milking the client base
music neg 99.txt wild card is the best song on this cd . the rest just did n't do it for me and i did n't care for the latin flavor . this cd was a mess . if the rest of the songs were along the lines of wild card , i would have kept the cd . this did n't say rippingtons to me .
camera pos 504.txt i recently recieved my new camera , and i am thrilled . i have been researching which camera to buy since december ( when our last camera went capoot ) . there have been mixed reviews for the olympus sw series , but could not resist the appeal of this camera 's unique features . i cannot wait to take it into the pool this summer with the kids . so far , the point and shoot options and pictures have been lovely . any person can screw up pictures with any camera , but this camera has so many features to avoid that . my husband and i had a wonderful time taking extreme close up shots of our garden . i have not seen that quality , and had that much satisfaction from a camera since we first switched over to digital . i am very pleased , to say the least , with this purchase .
dvd pos 996.txt the show is absolutely great ! blue falcon is another space ghost and dynomut is the futuristic version of scooby doo . dim witted and loveable . getting the complete show is great and the shows from these hb vaults are all looking pretty good with bright and vivid colors ( amid some nasty scratches and dust , but it was cheap animation folks ) . as a scooby fan this is a must own ! i quite enjoy the blue falcon / dynomut show also . 5 stars for the show . the set however nice still drops the ball , you get two single sided dvds and two flippers . the problem with this is that the dvds are all on top of each other with maybe a 1 / 16th of an inch between them both . i know this was to cut down on costs but it makes the two flipper discs quite hard to get out without scratching them or marking them up with a good fingerprint smear . but then again if it was a perfect world we could n't complain . all in all a solid set ! 4 1 / 2 out of 5
health pos 790.txt having struggled with digital scales that broke after a few years , i finally decided to get the scale my doctor has . it 's terrific because i can see it clearly ( the numbers are right in my face ) and it is built to last forever ! my daughter and i assembled it with a minimum of effort . the directions are written clearly and all adjustments are super easy to handle . it is clearly the best scale i 've ever owned . the down side is that it needs a bit more space than a regular floor scale . you can , however , buy a piece of plywood and put the scale on top of the wood in a carpeted room if your bathroom ca n't handle the bigger size
software pos 374.txt creating keepsakes scrapbook designer version 2 deluxe - this seems to be a nice program , but i have not found much use for it as of yet . my intention , when buying it , was to use it for scrapbooking but also greeting cards . i am sure that i will use it in the future as the program has nice graphics and is easy to navigate . broederbund products are usually very user friendly
health neg 549.txt i really like my electric toothbrush from oralb so i thought i would like this too . however , it just does n't work . the cartridges they have set up do n't work because as soon as you tug on them at all , the floss becomes loose and therefore wo n't vibrate - it only vibrates if it 's taut . but because of the way they have the cartridges set up , there is no way to make it taut again . it would have worked if instead they had used a roll of floss and let you feed it through yourself as needed , but they were too greedy and wanted to sell lots of cartridges . this would be ok if you got lots of use out of the cartridges , but in my experience they broke halfway through a single use . so.. . forget it
music neg 208.txt i ca n't believe i just spent over an hour of my life listening to ten ( ten ! ! ) different mixes of this not too remarkable dance hit . by the third version , my brain turned to jelly . by the fifth , i needed a drink . by the final re-mixed version , my hangover already started to set in . this e.p. is for dj 's and masochists only . - tom rya
software pos 526.txt i recently purchased microsoft office , and so far , i have had the chance to use microsoft word . i am familiar with the product as i have had the older version before , with my old computer . i was pleased to find that i had no trouble with using my old files with this new software . i also was glad to find a variety of templates which were easy to use . i was able to print out business cards for me and my husband in just one morning . i am also glad that it is n't very much different from the old version , so i was able to use the program easily , without much adjustment .
camera pos 90.txt i cannot help but giggle when i saw comments like " great lens for the money " . it is selling for $440 at here , even on so-called clearance . however , one can easily find the same lens at least $50 cheaper at some decent online camera store , such as b&h , ritz camera , etc. sad amazon. .
books neg 30.txt i read some raving reviews about this book , but i admit , i was quite disappointed . factual , i 'm sure , but it lacks details and tries to touch on too much without going into any depth . many other pregnancy books go into further detail
books pos 526.txt like many of the other reviewers here have already stated , this is a book to be read by everyone ! i am not a reader of westerns but i loved this book . after 800 pages i was never so sad to see a book end . " lonesome dove " has a little of everything , drama , action , humor , and a few love stories to boot . there are few books that have made me laugh or cry like this book did . by the time your are done you will have new friends woodrow , pea eye , claire , lorena , but especially gus mccrea . and you will also have some new villains particularly the frightening blue duck . i ca n't recommend a book any more than this one
dvd neg 101.txt i love the office . what i do n't love is amazon listing a 3-disc boxed set of seasons 1 and 2 and the 2 bbc specials for sale and then mailing me 2 separate discs of seasons 1 and 2. so be aware that amazon is not shipping what they advertise here . i have contacted them and have had not a reply about this
software neg 763.txt i had to upgrade to ms works 7.0 due to y2k issues . i am not nearly as satisfied with ms wortks 7.0 as i was with ms works 4.5. i am now searching for a replacement
health pos 618.txt i have had this straightener for a while , and i still have no complaints about it . it is an affordable option for those looking for a pretty good straightener . i love the heat settings.. . i only need to put mine on the second setting ( 338 degrees ) for it to do a good job , and i have very thick wavy / curly hair . i like the 1 " because it allows me to flip out the ends of my hair , but i 'm sure the 2 " one is great too
dvd neg 709.txt i viewed this dvd and would give it a 1 out of 5 stars . this is great if you are in college and researching male dancers or something but otherwise it 's kind of lame . it shows about 5 dancers in one club and they interview various women in the club and get their opinions about strippers . i still have not made the connection as to why ron jeremy has anything to do with this documentary ! ladies , if you are expecting to see skin , this dvd shows very little . others may have a limmited interest if you have followed the male dancer trends in the us .
music pos 174.txt it 's hard to believe this music is more than a quarter century old now . i think it would recieve the same kind of accolades if had come out yesterday . but it didn't . it came out in the summer of 1979. it was the summer before my sophomore year in college , my first summer away from home . for at least a week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i 'd select side 1 of " rust never sleeps . " it took me at least that long to flip the darn thing over . and then , when i did , for the next week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i 'd select side 2 of " rust never sleeps . " my flatmates never complained . oddly , the songs i see getting the most grief in the reviews here are my faves . you do n't really want to do without the swooping lead guitar , contagious handclaps , and hysterically funny yet politically cutting chorus of " welfare mothers , " now , do you really ? as for " sedan delivery , " i have only the vaguest clue of what it 's about , but it 's sure a scorcher ( and it 's still hard to find a job ) . allright , maybe we do n't need two versions of " hey hey , my my , " but which one would you delete ? as far as i 'm concerned , there 's only one song here that has n't withstood the test of time : " sail away , " which is innocuously pretty , but lacks the bark and bite of even the other acoustic stuff . " trasher " and " pocahontas " are both beautiful and mean in just the right amounts and places . poor marlon , poor csn . do i wax nostalgiac ? perhaps , but not overly so . this remains essential neil , which is to say as essential as rock ' n roll gets . it still sounds fresh and relevant . and fun . did i mention fun ? in fact , i 'm gonna go plunk it on right now , maybe take a breather between " sail away " and " powderfinger " to relive the lp experience . you should too .
health neg 465.txt before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . i have a number of older cross pens that say " usa " near the top , and they are great pens . however , i have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . the top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . the first one i got , i sent it back to cross for warranty repair under their " lifetime guarantee , " only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a " handling fee " attached . i was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . so later on when some new colors came out , i bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect . my advice : if you want a good cross pen , go to the secondhand store and buy one that was made in usa . they are n't making them the same anymore .
camera neg 712.txt i 've had this battery for half a year and i agree with a fellow reviewer 's assessment that the battery does not hold much power . i am diligent about expending all energy before recharging because they have memory , but this delkin model 's life span was noticeably short . now i am going to buy a new charger / battery altogether because i do n't want to buy another delkin battery
camera pos 885.txt we bought this camera because our other digital camera ( sony dsc-h1 ) was too large to carry around a lot of the time . we took it skiing with us ( whistler , bc ) and it took some outstanding pictures , both of persons and of landscape / scenery . it is small enough that you can pretty much carry it anywhere , anytime . others may disagree , but the touchscreen menu controls are easy to use and fairly intuitive . fingerprints do get on the screen but you hardly notice them and they are easily removed ( or better yet , use the little wand they give you with the camera instead of your fingers , that does n't leave any marks on the screen ) . to summarize : this is an excellent camera , very small size but with a large 3 " led display , takes excellent pictures , and the touchscreen menu is easy to use and intuitive . most people will be very happy with this camera if they buy it . the only negative thing is that this camera does not have a view finder , but unless you have very bright sun at your back this is n't too much of a problem .
dvd neg 336.txt denzel washington is probably my favorite actor . even in that dog of a movie called the manchurian candidate , he shone . tom hanks ? well , lemme quit hating the guy . this is a well-intentioned movie , tom did a creditable job , and we had extreme close-ups with funny colors to camouflage the spots where he overreached . i was also pleasantly surprised to see antonio banderas fly in the face of his latino studliness by playing a gay guy . a passionate one , though , since he 's still a latino , after all . actually , this is a hollywood " message movie , " and you know what that means . it 's about as subtle as michael moore . those who agree with the message flock to be beaten about the head by it for two hours . those who the filmmakers would like to see the movie , those who do n't agree with the message , stay as far away from it as possible . there 's a scene in the library where nobody wants to sit at the table with aids boy . the way they stared at him reminded me of " lao wei in china " experiences . denzel 's character was reminded of segregation , even though he 's too young to remember it , and started to care about tom hanks ' character . aids discrimination is bad . actually , any discrimination at all is bad . and that 's the movie 's message . i agree with the message , but still . that 's all we 've got . as a totally irrelevant non-sequiter , if the name " sam francisco " means anything to you , you 've seen subtle commentary on discrimination . i love a great courtroom drama . this one was merely good . with so much of an agenda to squeeze into a two-hour film , they had to take a few shortcuts here . sad , ai n't it ? but even so , a well-intentioned film that i 'm glad i saw . once . not twice . once is enough , thank you .
software neg 216.txt while microsoft tries very hard to make office " think ahead of me , " they almost always seem to get it wrong . the result is a package that consistently annoys me . it is true that one can turn off the " helpful " hints and otherwise customize the programs so that they are less hindering , however the bloated package will nevertheless usurp your computers resources like nobody 's business . in my opinion , office ' 97 was an excellent package , and the versions since then have gone steadily downhill . as with many people , i use office at work because i have no choice . at home i 've had good luck with staroffice from sun . while not perfect , staroffice has read and created files compatible with microsoft office very consistently in my experience , and it 's a whole lot less expensive . i am therefore hesitant to recommend microsoft office professional edtition 2003 to anyone except those who need the most advanced functions of excel and / or need to use access database frequently .
health neg 481.txt this is the most innacurate thermometer i have ever come across . each reading seems to increase or drop by 1 degree or more . moreover , the battery only lasts for 1-2 uses . granted , one needs to take 10 readings to get a general idea of the correct temperature , but you would think the battery could last a few more times . when you have a sick child , accuracy and time are of the essence
dvd pos 734.txt this movie showed what an amazing dancer gene kelly was . this is one movie i recommened for anyone who loves the world of dance , thinks gene kelly is hot ( lol ) or if you love musical theater .
camera neg 861.txt i ordered two of the items above in error . i did not think the first order was submitted properly so therefore a second one was ordered and came from antonline . i have been trying since dec. 19 to return the wide angle lens and adapter to them . i am 71 years old and not computer savvy . i just wish i could get return labels and my account credited . they are still in the original packing as received and never been opened . thank you for being interested . i was informed by them that my time had expired . i do not believe this to be true , or does your opening web page not apply to them .
software neg 555.txt does n't tell you how to get anywhere when used with a gps...simply shows you where you are . nothing more than a glorified paper map . a complete embarassment
music pos 2.txt on one hand , this cd is a straight ahead instrumental rocker , but johnny a really shows how great he is with ballads , such as his covers of " wichita lineman , " and " yes it is. " in fact , those two ballads alone are worth the price of the cd by themselves . but johnny a can flat kick your ass , too . he 's a biker and his tunes like oh yeah , in the wind and two wheel horse are named for his other hobby . and they rock , but there 's nothing cliched or tired in his style . he always seems to be looking for new ways to say something . i saw him in person at the triple door in seattle sometime in february 2005 in a power trio format and he played most of the tunes on this album . the guy is one amazing guitar player . he played his signature gibson hollow body , fitted with a vibrato tailpiece ( bigsby ? it was like the old chet atkins " country gentleman " model ) and he utilized a battery of foot pedal effects , coming eventually through a pair of marshall combo amps . the guy had some of the best clean tones i 've ever heard from anyone , anywhere . basically , johnny a is a guitarist who has complete command of the instrument . and he 's got a rocking soul that cuts loose on originals and covers alike in a style that 's all his own , and that 's saying something these days . if you love great rocking / rockabilly guitar , combined with really cool ballad playing in the power trio format , this cd is just what you 're looking for . in fact , i guarantee you 'll be knocked out . five stars .
camera pos 537.txt this is the only tripod that i have ever owned , however , i do agree that it seems to be a very nice piece of equipment , especially for the very low price . it suits my needs well for a small digital camera . the only downside is that it does not come with a carry bag . this was an oversight on my part when i ordered , and i 'm sure i would have to pay just as much as i did for the tripod to get a bag for it , so i will live with it as is
software pos 227.txt i loved the experience , especially with the smart picks , smart templates , smart search , and smart rank . i recommend it to any user . very happy with the product ! thanks eisenworld , thanks alohabob
books pos 725.txt ( 3.75 ) the other reviews can reveal what this book is about . what i wanted to share is the extreme responses this book incited in my boyfriend and me . he alternately found himself loving the narrator , yuriko 's sister , for her brutal honesty and hating her for her malice and psychological bullying of kazue . meanwhile , i found myself rooting the narrator on as she spoke the cruel truth about the pitiful hopelessness of kazue 's meritocratic dreams , but a moment later i wondered if that made me a bully myself or as bitter and heartless as the narrator . perhaps it reminded me too much of what i had seen growing up to shock me . then , there was the simultaneous hilarity and pain of kazue 's cluelessness . was she a tragic figure , blind , or both ? i admired kirino for inspiring me to feel so much for her characters , even for yuriko , who is certainly not the ditsy airhead her older sister wants us to believe she is ( i also found it hard to believ she was as ghastly as she considered herself in her 30s : is it just because women past 25 in japan are regarded as christmas cake , as a friend from japan says ? ) . my attention was quite strained by zhang 's tale of chinese hardship ( it seemed the wrong book to educate the reader about how difficult it is for immigrants in japan ) , but i immediately forgave kirino when yuriko 's older sister admitted herself zhang 's account was tedious and could be skipped ( i 'd recommend others to skim it as well ) . again , my patience was tested by kazue 's journal : i just kept on thinking , are n't you ready to die yet ? but i see this was intentional on kirino 's part , to make the reader struggle between our ( or my ) wanting kazue to just give up on life and our feeling ashamed for our coldness and complicity in her bullying . it also made my boyfriend and me think concurrently of the people we loved in our own lives who were heading towards the same fate as kazue and yuriko , not through prostitution but through drugs . what did disappoint me in the end was the last chapter , which seemed a cop-out . if only an editor had suggested it was unconvincing and encouraged her that an alternative , though more shocking , would be more in line with the narrator 's character , but that is wishful thinking on my part . when i give this book to others , which i will , i will make sure to discuss with them , when they 've finished , what they thought of the ending . this book could have been edited down a hundred pages ( back when it was written in japanese ) , but for what it did offer , i have no regrets for its consuming my attention entirely and will always look forward to further translations of kirino 's books . this book may not be the masterpiece " out " was , but for anyone who has gone to an elite school on scholarship , striven to remain a petite zero , wanted to excel while recognizing how off-the-mark our values of judgment are , or wondered just how much her body could be worth , reading " grotesque " is just as powerful an experience as reading " out " was
health neg 668.txt i got this as a gift for christmas , and i 've tried it twice so far . both times i get the same result - it does n't work . i understand that with wet hair , it wo n't dry it , obviously . but even with damp hair , as instructed , it does n't get my hair dry . as for the actual straightening aspect , i still end up with frizzy hair that is n't even all that straight . it 's not worth the money - spend the extra bucks and get a chi or infrashine , you 'll be a lot better off
health neg 320.txt i am a male . i did a search and this item showed up for men . however , it is way too long for a man unless he is yao ming . it looked like i was wearing a skirt and came down several inches below my knees . i am 5'10 " tall . also the light wieght microfiber terry was a drawback . it clings to you and builds up a lot of static electricity . i will not ever buy another product made of this material
books neg 692.txt camenson definitely has experience in this career with many & quot ; career books&quot ; to her credit . however , there are better books out there on writing with more information . this book follows the same old tired format that vgm books are ' not so ' famous for . the internet has more info for a lot less money
dvd neg 298.txt this film was boring and convoluted . one big mess that you should not waste your precious cash on
dvd neg 841.txt no reviews for this video as the disk i have got has nothing recorded on it and it has a flat and rough gray inside surface with no silver surface of recorded movie and when inserted into the player a message of no disk is displayed . as the shipping cost is to be born by the buyer in case a dvd is defective and in my case the shipping cost is much more than the dvd as i have to ship in from india . so i can just throw it in the garbage bin and suggest you guys that kindly watch out for this disk .
software pos 877.txt i am new at researching my family history . the v16 collector 's ed of family tree maker was just what i needed . as an extra bonus it has a 1 yr . subscription to [...] to enhance the research capabilities . i would definitely recommenend this program
software neg 566.txt this is an extremely flawed software program . i have used quicken for more than a decade , and this product is not worthy of the name . runtime errors keep me from evening getting the program going . it contains 6 bank accounts which i cannot currently print checks from . i have reinstalled the software at least 15 times with no success . i have used every suggestion from tech support and the quicken forums without any success . i guess i 'll have to move to ms money
music pos 700.txt it all started when i was a little kid and my dad gave me this album ( he was n't a fan , he probably picked it up with a crate of used records . ) it was one of my first exposures to rock and roll . nearly 30 years later i still own the original vinyl ( the one that had the exploding fire extinguisher rooster album cover . ) i am glad to have it now on cd , the vinyl being about as scratched and pitted as can possibly be and still be remotely playable . i dissent the reviewers who praise ducann over crane , for really , it is after all vincent crane 's project ( crane , also organist for crazy world of arthur brown . ) a keyboard player myself i consider crane one of my biggest influences and i hold great admiration for his playing . ducann and hammond also deserve praise for their performances , but it should be painfully obvious who the star of an organ driven rock band is : um , the audience ... er , no the organist ! take a trip back in time and enjoy this classic work
software neg 135.txt i purchased this software thinking that i could take my digital images , create a slide show with music , and then burn it to dvd for the family to watch . unfortunately , the disk that i got gave me some error messages that when i called tech support ( one hour hold time ) they told me that my error message meant that i could create files , but they 'll only run on my computer , not on my tv dvd player . in addition , you need to buy additional dvd burning software , because the dvd burning software imbedded in this software package will only create dvds that will run on a dvd player with the microsoft logo on them . ( the package says the dvds will run on almost any dvd player ) so i asked for my money back . however , since it took me more than 30 days to find all of this out , they refused a refund .
dvd neg 31.txt this product was a bad choice for me . it was a poorly done product . it was washed out , the quality , both audio and video was terrible . it was not enjoyable to watch . the packaging was cheap quality . i should have known better . pay more and get a nice set , and a better product . do n't try and save a few dollars if you want something to enjoy . paper sleeves make for a cheap copy .
health neg 245.txt the wieght is accurate , but the body fat is way off . i had my body fat done 6 months ago by a doctor and i was 12% six months later i wiegh 5 lbs less and the scales says i 'm 25%. something is off and i trust the doctor . if all you want is to see your wieght its fine , but the rest.. . well find another scale
software neg 627.txt this software is " one time use " ! if you have a notebook and laptop , you wo n't be able to install for both ! it sucks
music pos 289.txt this album is great but i 'm looking for a song that i think they sung . it goes : pressing on we 're pressing on ( repeat ) . waiting on jesus to answer our call we 're holding on ( repeat ) pressing , pressing , pressing . if anyone knows the name of the song , or has any suggestions on who sings this song , please email me at udeebear1984@yahoo.com . thank you and have a blessed day ! :
music neg 543.txt actually garth hudson , the former organist of the band does not play on this cd ( nor ' every geriatric rockstar's ' ) . the musician you might be referring to is al garth ex of loggins / messina
music neg 418.txt this album is one of the only live albums that i do n't have . i have heard samples , and a few extra songs on other cds though . the first thing i hear from somebody that tell about this album is basically that stevie could n't have been more high . his performance was just imbarrassing for the other members in the group ( specifically reese wynans ) . most poeple do n't know this but , on the old vinyl copy of this album , ( i 've never heard it but someone told me ) there was originally a 14th track . it was the song that usually comes close to the end of stevie 's sets . the song was life without you . since it was the very last song , i 'm guessing stevie was more pooped than ever beacause it was the last song and that he was extremely high and everything . being high is one thing , but being high and playing your last song in a set is terrible . in the old vinyl disc , stevie was on his last song and he was so terribly slow that reese wynans walked off stage embarrased and discusted . this track was taken off the album because of its discracefulness
books pos 175.txt music and culture are discussed , not with the usual artistic focus , but with a healthy blend of science and sociology added to the mix . is music a luxury , an art , or a biological need ? william benzon 's beethoven 's anvil explores links between music and brain functioning , using the history of music and its evolution to draw some important arguments about music 's importance to brain functioning as a whole
software neg 474.txt this is the worst thing since the office assistant animated paper clip . forcing the " ribbon " on the user assumes that the user likes icons ( i do n't - - what 's wrong with words ? ? ) , and fills too much of the screen real estate . nothing is where it should be . and what arrogance on the part of microsoft to provide no alternate views , no " classic " view , just these piles and piles of inscrutable icons . another oppressive , giant waste of my time and money at the hands of microsoft .
software neg 475.txt i bought the software some months ago . noticed some problems with my pc in subsequent weeks . did n't put 2 and 2 together . last week however , i 'd come home - no icons on screen - no ability to ctrl-alt_del - each day this would happen . the machine had to be powered on and off to reboot . pulled recent software off machine . yes - you 've guessed - without spy sweeper i have no problems . ok - it might be a conflict with other software - a quick google confirmed my suspicions that others have problems . i was never impressed that it was picking up anything of substance either - but then maybe my machine is clean
software neg 241.txt although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the dos era . they are laborious and clumsy . to find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . if someone knows of a better software , i 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks ! ! maria mcgowan
dvd neg 621.txt i bought a couple of bob vidoes through amazon for my son , age nearly 2 , who loves the series . we were crushingly disappointed by these videos , though . the wonderful voices of the uk version ( neil morissey et . al ) have been replaced by american voices . why do they do that ? for us it means the videos are unplayable because they just ai n't bob . british shoppers and anyone familiar with the original bob should be warned . ( can i get my money back ?
music neg 939.txt this live album / in-studio acoustic ep is hard to figure . most of the live stuff is selected from bls 's & quot ; stronger than death&quot ; album , which was n't all that great to begin with . the only good thing being ; that album was so poorly mixed that live versions of & quot ; all for you&quot ; and & quot ; 13 years of grief&quot ; sound much better and immediate than their studio counterparts . a new heavier version of & quot ; no more tears&quot ; tries to please , but fails by showing zakk wylde 's gruff vocals do n't always work . unexpectedly , the bonus acoustic ep is the far better attraction . & quot ; like a bird&quot ; is the best song neil young never wrote and & quot ; blood in the well&quot ; shows zakk 's soloing chops in full form . bls needed some better songs before doing a live record . end of story
dvd pos 430.txt it 's not a great movie , but it 's a lot of fun . this is one of those movies that just catches me . it 's quirky and has some decent ( for it 's day ) effects . there are a feww laugh out loud momments . truth be told they are few and far between . some great bit characters make up a fun ensemble . the cast is pretty damn cool , with urich being upstaged by ron pearlman , angellica houston , john mat. . mattus.. . the big guy . anyway , it 's cornball comedy with a basic plot . hey what do you want ? it 's 80 's chessy goodness and more fun that it should have been . i still giggle at the time warp battle
books pos 434.txt this is a great book i love it and its very interesting ! great information and pricing
camera neg 255.txt i have been working with this camera for about a year now , for product shots online , and while sometimes it takes great pics , many times the flash pops and whites out , or it goes off and you get a black picture . i take pictures of jewelry , and if i try to shoot a piece with green and blue coloration , the color is not accurate . purple is another color this camera does not accurately pic up . while you can fiddle with 4 different picture taking settings , in all different modes , you 'll never get the same picture twice , even saving the setting . the light has to be just so , to get a good shot . when it shoots clearly , it can take fabulous pictures , but often , pics are blurred as many others have said , when they actually come out . my old camera , the dsc p71 3.2 megapixel is much better , colors are accurate always , shooting is flawless and foolproof every time , and the greatest feature is re-sizing your picture and trimming right on the camera before uploading . this feature is completely missing from the dsc p200 , which was the biggest disappointment , as i figured it would be a given i did n't have to ask about when purchasing . why would sony eliminate this great function ? had i know that when the salesman at the large new york city photo store told me this was the camera i dreamed of , i would not have bought it . i prefer also to use the rechargable aa batteries instead of the lithium battery , which is super hard to load , and charging this camera is a nightmare with the charger it comes with . it is like a puzzle trying to get the charger inserted at just the right angle . every time it takes me several minutes , and finding a good little wall charger for it is also a problem . i recently took this camera on vacation to take pics and get footage for burning to dvd . sound quality is good , but video quality can be choppy , and the monitor did not let me even see that my setting was overexposed , so all my footage is somewhat overexposed for the entire trips shootings i made . the monitor , while big , does not show you always what you are shooting , whether a still , or movie picture . overall , i would not recommend this camera and i actually bought a used second of my old camera , and got my original repaired , because this one does n't compare . this camera is a bit too complicated and not very user friendly . even after using all this time , i still am not sure what i am going to get when i use this camera . i 'd say the worst features to be aware of are for someone who needs accurate color , this camera clearly has trouble showing blue / green shades , and purples accurately , you can never show these colors are they are in life with this camera , and the lack of the " trimming " resizing feature , what was sony thinking ? next time , i am trying something other than sony cybershot unless i hear they have gone back to making a great straightforward , uncomplicated easy to point and shoot camera . this one is definitely not
software neg 380.txt i ca n't even comment on the actual system works application because i never got it to run - it ruined my system right after install ! once i installed it , it asked for a reboot , then came back wtih " load error ! press a key to reboot.. . " which just lead to the error message again , and again , and again . a chat with tech support ( after an hour wait ) revealed that there are problems with the goback files , so i had to create a bootable cd , and do all kind of things which i have n't been able to do yet since my burner software does n't have image capability - necessary for creating this bootable cd . do n't buy it , do n't install it , do n't use it - uninstall everything norton / symantec and never go back . i 'll be lucky if i ever get my computer working again.....thanks symantec ! ! ! !
dvd neg 462.txt the review on the cover of the dvd reads " a snappy , sexy thriller.. . " i must disagree . this was the most unsexy , and unthrilling movie i 've seen in a long time . in my opinion ashley judd doses not fit this roll , it 's almost comedic . twisted is poorly written and losely held to gether by okay acting . seems the actors were doing the best they could with what they had . i have no doubt the producers and director felt the story had potential but they failed to realize that with this production . the film 's ending holds an interesting twist but too many lose ends are left to the viewers imagination . my vote ? just okay , nothing to write home about
music neg 554.txt i agree with the other negative review below - uninspired , simply forgettable radio trash . cliched lyrics ? check . muddy , simple riffs ? check . boring drumming with a couple of poorly played double bass kicks ? check . thank god i got this in a box of cd 's from a dj buddy of mine for free awhile back . if i actually paid for this crap i 'd have to kill myself . judging from all the " positive " reviews however , it seems some people at lava records or possibly the band themselves ( if they 're still around . i hope not . ) have been trying to plug this sorry excuse for music .
books pos 287.txt as a history major ( undergrad ) and former high school history teacher , i marvel at crichton 's ability book after book to research a topic down to the bone then flesh it out in an utterly believable and compelling way . for this reason the great train robbery is for me my favorite crichton work , even though it may lack the polish of jurassic park or congo or one of his more recent books . tgtr takes us to 19th century london and gives us a plausible behind the scenes look both at the masterminding of this incredible train robbery , as well as life in general in 19th century london . so often history books give names , dates , connections , but leave one with the question , " yes , but what was it like ? " crichton answers this better than any book i ever read on the sheep enclosure act or most any other dry text . some of it may be fanciful , but it certainly seemed as well supported as many another full blown history text . at any rate , i highly recommend this book for any crichton fan , master criminal fan , or interested history student . the main character , whose name escapes me , alone is a grand study and reminiscent of a larger than life character from a hugo or dumas novel . very fascinating and rapidly moving .
camera neg 98.txt hello all , lens hoods are pretty much a necessity , but this has to be the mostly poorly made hood i 've ever used . unlike other hoods that screw on , this one requires you to press to opposing clips and then slide the hood one , and release the clips . this leads to problems of alignment , meaning both sides of the clip need to be perfectly aligned in order for the hood to fit right . although it 's a pain and i hate...i do n't really have another alternative . either go w / o a hood , or take this one . either way , guess i 'd rather have a hood on the lense than not having one
books neg 452.txt it 's always easy to criticize somebody 's personal choises when it comes to the movies and the stars , but this book is dedicated to the most unforgettable actresses and not stars of the studio era . so it comes pretty natural to ask : is esther williams such an unforgettable actress that the author had to overlook margaret sullavan ? was grace kelly 's talent so overwhelming to forget that miriam hopkins had such an individuality in the acting process that she kept on working with such directors as lubitsch , wyler , mamoulian , hawks and vidor to stunning results ? what was wrong with mary astor 's acting and what is right with kim novak 's ? actress to me means patricia neal or shelley winters - norma shearer or natalie wood were stars....think about it
health pos 573.txt i purchased this hair dryer for an unusual reason : my old 1875 watt conair was actually too much wattage for my bathroom ( the circuit kept tripping ) , so i was actually looking for a dryer with less wattage . however , i did n't want to sacrifice power , as i hoped not to have to devote any additional drying time to my shoulder-length hair . so far , i 've been pleased with this hair dryer . it does seem a bit louder than my previous model- -not obnoxiously so , just a higher , more concentrated fan noise . the dryer is extremely light and compact ; it 's actually smaller than my folding travel dryer . it is very basic , with a choice of high / low settings only ( there is no heat / cool option ) , but it seems to dry my hair just as efficiently as my old higher-wattage dryer . overall , this is a very good basic hair dryer which gives you a wide variety of use options for a great price
camera pos 122.txt if you are shooting with a compact chip camera like the 20d or rebel xt , you will be happier with the 8mm fisheye . this 15mm fisheye will just be a really distorted wide angle lens due to the 1.6 factor . if you love the fish eye style and have that camera , you 'll need something wider to compensate for your smaller chip . i was disapointed with this lens for that reason . the sigma 8mm is great . a note to the reviewer below . sigma makes some good lenses and bad ones . this is a good one and you probably got a bad copy . it happens often enough with sigma gear . with this lens , its good to go and try one at your local camera shop and make sure it has the style you want . bring your camera with a chip in it and take a few shots and go home to check them out . decide if you like the style and if that piece of glass is a good copy . i got a good copy and was still disapointed because of my lack of knowledge . sounds like you got a bad one
books pos 132.txt wonderful text . helps to rationalize and boost understanding on why cubans living in miami have such foreign behaviors in the eyes of the outsider . the author takes you by the hand , and walks you step by step . absolutely wonderful and did an excellent job at steering clear of any bias
dvd pos 354.txt i enjoyed this wholeheartedly . mainly because wwe did a little tweak on the formula . instead of mimicking the one-time use of the flair dvd formula or using the formula that everyone else gets this three disc sets spreads everything around . all the featured stars get their own video package highlighting parts of their career that made them famous or recognizable . then every wrestler gets their own match , some of which overlap which makes things interesting . although we do see some perennial " best of " favorites it was nice to see some obscure pieces of footage . who would have guessed sal bellomo would be on a dvd in the 2000's . if wwe continues releases with rarer footage , i think they 'll have a better chance at impressing the older members of the fanbase
health neg 777.txt i ordered this product on june 7th 2006 , today is july 11th 2006 , and i still have not received it . i have cancelled my order because it is a lot faster to drive to the story to purchase it , than to wait over a month for it to show up . i 'm really not happy with the turn around time for the tide he detergent .
software pos 99.txt i decided to get this office suite after using it recently . i 've usually worked on office 97 and 2000 , but the 2003 version has some pretty cool features not found in the older versions . the feature that i really enjoy is the pivot report feature in ms access , which was n't in ms access 2000. this is a truly great reporting feature . you can now use access as a front-end to slice and dice data stored on data warehouses in oracle , sql server , sybase and other enterprise-type databases . if you 're used to creating crosstab reports , you 'll definitely like the pivot report feature . crosstabs are limited to 2 dimensions but there 's no limitation on the number of dimensions in pivot report . to me , the main drawback is the price . ( i did get mine at around $370 at j&r , which is a great price . ) i figure i can upgrade this in about 5 years time , which works out to about $70 to $75 per year ( assuming that i 'll be paying about $370 to upgrade in 5 years time . ) a big positive is that this is the industry standard . so the work you put into learning the multiple new features of word , excel , ms access is not wasted because you can reuse the same skills in another job . your time will be well spent . note that the software may seem bloated but the intelligent user is able to choose and pick the most useful and relevant features of each application and ignore the features that are not useful . different features are useful to different people.. . another positive : each product in office professional is fully programmable using visual basic for applications ( vba ) which you can use to build custom programs . this very powerful feature is sometimes overlooked when shopping for office suites .
health neg 455.txt i 've been taking these for over 3 weeks. . i have not seen any new hair growth . i think that new hair that does grow will be stronger but this has not caused my hair to grow any faster . i would suggest just buying hair supplement vitamins from gnc or any other place you can find them . they are much less expensive
books neg 625.txt i did n't expect this series of books to be laid out the way they are . i am disappointed that the " notes " are simply a glorified glossary arranged by chapter rather than alphabetical . key points from the book are not bulleted or organized based on content presentation , rather key terms are defined and that is all .
software neg 44.txt if you use microsoft office ( word , excel ) do n't buy it ! links to your previous .pdf simply do n't work . adobe knows about it , but have no viable work around . stick with prevous versions .
health neg 269.txt chair is not at all what it 's advertised as . does not massage just vibrates and makes you feel sick . compatible with sitting on a washing machine .
music pos 528.txt people , what a killer release this is . i bought it in ' 92 when it was released , not knowing what to expect , as i had never heard a single cut from it . i knew schonn was the axeman on this baby , and that was all i needed to know . i popped this cd in the player , and was instantly floored . what great melodic , poweful tunes filled my ears . i 'm not much of a ballad fan , but even those are great . dean castronova on drums was the perfect choice for this type of release , as he adds the power to schonn 's precision . this is how neal would have played with journey , had the suits let him do so . the gioeli brothers , unknown to me at the time , do a masterful job as well . it 's such a shame that great bands make an album or two , and just fade away , ie . lynch mob , badlands and these guys , to name a few . this release is far superior to their second offering , but that one is pretty tasty as well . i suggest paying the coin for this cd , as it 's worth every penny . hardline 2 will run you about twice as much , but imports often do . get ' em both if ya ' can , but this one is the best of the 2. peace .
camera neg 156.txt i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma
music pos 947.txt never mind the fact that jay introduced the jazz world to charlie parker . his band rocked ! after basie , nobody swung like mcshann . this 2 dis set covers the big band sides and the later 40 's small band jump blues sides . anything by this man is worth listening to . another great disc by the proper label , who release wonderful compilations with informative booklets at a bargain price . highly recommended
books neg 118.txt apparently the difference between a criminal act ( theft ) and moral redistribution of income is 1 ) who you steal from ( stealing from the wealthy , of course , is moral - - according to rawls and bolsheviks ) , and 2 ) who receives the loot ( the non-wealthy makes it moral ) , and 3 ) who commits the act ( the state / society , of course also makes theft moral ; example - taxation ) , and 4 ) your intentions ( redistribution of income ) . to look at this another way , if your neighbor breaks into your house and steals your money , that 's a crime ( unless your neighbor is poor - - which would then be moral and justice , according to rawls ' formula ) . if the community comes into your house and steals from you , it 's legal and moral justice , again , according to rawls . because , according to rawls , if , before you were born , you were to vote with everyone on how physical world society should be structured , you 'd vote to have the state guarantee that everyone was equal , or they would be compensated somehow for being born ( unjustly ) less-equal . how ? by compensating those with less by stealing from those with more . so those with more would be like oh , say ... a milk-cow who gets milked to serve those with less . so those with more would become a resource , or state-owned slaves to those with less ... because " society " ( the robin hoods and rawls of the world ) deemed this as moral justice . rawls does not take into account those who are willing to take on risk , entrepreneurs , students of life who work to earn an " a " vs. students who earn an " f " . he points out that many people are born into difficult situations through no fault of their own . true . but that does not implicate those within society who are born into better situations as the cause , nor are those who are born into better situations responsible for making up the difference . forcing the " wealthier " ones to be accountable for the unfairness within life and pay the bill is n't justice or moral . it would simply be an unjust law . some people see rawls ' theory as a blueprint for a future generation utopia ( like the bolsheviks envisioned marxism ) . i see it as an insane blueprint for slavery , and a powerful dis-incentive for earning personal reward and merit . in a sense , this book is an argument against the individual . it sees the world through a blurred lense where the author only recognizes masses of people - - he does n't recognize any individuals ( unless they were born as victims ) . curious . how do you experience life ... as a group-mind ( an oxymoron if there ever was one ) , a collective ? or as a unique , isolated , independent , individual ? there should be societal incentives to help each other . okay . but when it is forced ( theft of property always implies force ) , it is no longer an issue of morality or justice - - it 's simply a law . without personal choice being involved there is no morality as an issue , by definition . transforming advantaged individuals into mules forced to carry the burdens of the world is a definition of justice for whom ?
camera neg 887.txt it looks cool and it 's easy to carry , but that is about it . camera is slow and pictures are often blurry . sorry i wasted my money on this one . get one of the new ones with vr so you do n't have that issue .
books pos 342.txt this book is a gem that is filled with ideas from many of the best speakers in the world . what a great resource ! it is my favorite book now for ideas on how to be more & quot ; impactful&quot ; in my message to the audience . this reminds me of one of my other classic favorites , think and grow rich . i 'm ordering another copy for a friend today
camera neg 695.txt this case will protect your camera but has no place for spare battery or even a extra memory card . it only has a spring clip to fasten it to a belt or bag there is no belt loop or other handle strap . there are other cases available with better features for less money
music pos 738.txt what an awesome cd.. . i bought a flogging molly cd as well but dropkick murphy 's are better by far !
health neg 923.txt this little machine is not worth the cost of the plastic to make it . i assumed , since wahl has a long-time history of manufacturing grooming products , that this would be a quality item . was i ever wrong . this trimmer is constructed poorly and does n't cut hair . it will be heading to the trash
software pos 304.txt i wanted to see if i could do all the essential digital image editing " on the cheap " in pse5...and i am satisfied that i have been able to do just that . the best companion book i 've seen to assist in that effort is this one : adobe photoshop elements 5.0 maximum performance : unleash the hidden performance of elements by mark galer . the combination of the pse5 software and book proved to be perfect for me , and as near as i can tell , i can now do all the image editing i need to do , at a fraction of the cost and time required for the full-on photoshop product . i 'm very satisfied with my purchase . if you 're on the fence about it , i 'd recommend downloading the 30 day trial version from the adobe website prior to purchasing
dvd pos 325.txt i did not have any of the original trilogy on dvd . i am happy to have the theatrical releases as i am not a fan of the se 's , particularly jedi . i was nervous due to bad reviews , but they look and sound great . if you like star wars and want the original releases i highly recommend these . if you already happily own the se 's or are feeling cheated or robbed in some way by repeated releases of the same movie , then do n't buy these .
books pos 425.txt it is , in my opinion , the second best anne book ! its anne 's wedding ! the whole thing is soaked in romance ! leslie 's story is so amazing and sweet that you have to love her . captain jim is so sweet and perfect , you can nearly see him . miss cornelia is funny and susan is great . anne has to deal with tragedy and joy that makes the books so wonderful . the only thing i do n't like , is that i wish marrilla and all the avonlea people would be in it a little more . in my opinion , this should be where the series ends
music pos 767.txt we are using this series of cds in our homeschool music program - they are fantastic ! we especially love this one about bach - what an awesome man ! the story of his life is told in a way that is very interesting and holds the children 's attention while also using various pieces of his music in the narration . it is done very well ! my children are gaining a tremendous amount of knowlege and appreciation for music through this cd and so are my husband and i
dvd neg 423.txt the story line was fair , but the t&a not so hot.. . 2 star
camera pos 829.txt i bought this camera to replace a casio exilim ex-s500 that was sadly stolen from me . it 's the same size , which i love , and as convenient , which is awesome . it has a large bright screen to see the pictures you are taking or have taken . it 's one of my favorite things ever
music neg 597.txt gerry marsden and his pacemakers are great . i just want to point out that the double-cd ' best of ' import has 15 extra tracks and sells for about the same price . there is just no reason to buy this compilation instead of the import
camera pos 779.txt while not on the ' highest end ' of tripod purchases , this one is a must for anyone owning a hdr-hc1 or other compatable camcorder . operating the camera from the tripod ( rather than the touch screen ) provides steady footage for the amatuer videographer . the unit assembles easily and has stable panning and rotation . the only drawback is the soft storage bag which does n't provide adequate head protection
camera neg 57.txt yes , i have to agree with the previous review . it does n't seem to make any difference in reducing lens flare from light sources . it does n't seem to extend far enough to actually do anything . if it was less expensive i would n't mind as much , and just chalk it up to extra protection . but that seems to be all it 's good for
books pos 828.txt this is a great book to have on your shelf . lots of good recommendations for a beginner quilter
software neg 230.txt i have owned eleven vcom products and from now on , they do n't have my business . the product touts itself in part as a vital tool when / if your machine crashes . if it does , be prepared to shell out the cost for another complete program . you are told that the program is already installed on another machine and you ca n't run it-although this occurs after a lengthy and cumbersome installation process . sadly , customer assistance is no help-emails are unanswered and you ca n't get through via phone...what you do get from them once you register are constant emails about new products . thanks , folks . version 6.0 is also much slower than version 5. support for 5.0 , by the way stopped abruptly when the new edition came out , despite the functionality of that program . for the price , the software should work like a major player , rather than a dollar bin special .
camera neg 492.txt i loved the camera , absolutely loved it . i was using it one night and it died . i went home and put in on the charger and nothing happened . the light on the charger did n't flash or the camera did n't even go in after dying . the second time i used it , i just got back from vacation and put it on the charger . i was able to turn it on to look at the pictures . as i was looking at the pictures , it just shut off . i was unable to find a way to turn it back on or even shut the nose . i would not recommend it for this reason unless the charger you get is different than mine .
camera neg 926.txt i found it on sale - luckily because it did not work . cute as the dickens and came with a great strap and the art program was fun for the kids - but no go on the camera . never able to get it to power up - yes fresh batteries too . we were very disappointed :
books pos 851.txt the book arrived in a timely fashion . the photograply was beautiful . however , i found it to be a coffee-table book rather than a text book which i needed
books pos 21.txt college stoner cult following aside , hunter s . thompson 's journalistic prowess was a vital national resource up until he left us last february . thompson was one of those brave few who dared to cut through popular media perceptions and glittery rhetoric and travel right to the ugly center of his subject material , counjouring hilarious allegories where the average journalist would already have soiled himself in disillusionment . on the campaign trail should be required reading for all those who hold a less skeptical view of american politics than say , the average wwe heavyweight title match , for a truly sane person should be no more shocked to hear of a politician lying or cheating to increase his presidential hopes than when the undertaker strikes his opponent with a steel chair when the referee turns his back . hunter has long since traveled through this looking glass - - although he can at times be found expressing nostalagia for the wide-eyed optimism of the 60s - - but the result is not nearly as depressing as it is hilarious . the image of thompson infiltrating the nixon youth at the rnc and yelling obscenities and death threats at rival journalist john chancellor 's press box while surrounded by hundreds of kids chanting " four more years ! " was one of the funniest any book has offered me in a while . how does the cliche go - - " the more things change , the more they stay the same " ? after the thorough spanking of george mcgovern at the hands of richard nixon , hst credits the most staggering blow to mcgovern 's presidential hopes to a media crisis involving his vice-presidential nominee , thomas eagleton . just days after eagleton was named as mcgovern 's running mate , two democratic campaign managers received phone calls revealing that eagleton had gone through intensive psychiatric treatment on three separate occasions . as the story spread like wildfire throughout the press , mcgovern 's presidential hopes were dealt a blow from which they would never recover . since then , we 've seen willie horton and the swift boat veterans come out to haunt their respective candidates , and one is inclined to wonder who the democratic " mascot " will be for the 2008 race . perhaps a mentally disabled child whose tricycle was crushed by the car of hillary clinton ? a dominican prostitute who gave joe biden the clap ? but i digress . i give on the campaign trail 4 out of 5 stars because the book , like presidential campaigns themselves , can at times seem uneventful . thompson addresses this from time to time , wondering aloud what it was that made him want to cover politics in the first place before remembering that the rush one feels from being a part of a winning political team is nearly identical to that of a junkie getting that long-needed fix . other parts of the book will only make sense to the more hardcore followers of politics . for instance , hst 's extensive interview with campaign manager rick stearns , where stearns explains the intricacies of acquiring state delegates , reads like hieroglyphics to me .
camera pos 627.txt got this camera in 1999 and it is still doing very well ! more than 3000 great pictures have been taken . the camera is very easy to use and needs no maintenance . a word of caution - ensure that the camera does n't get pressurized laterally - this can happen if it is stuffed in a bag and someone sleeps over it . the spring-operated shutter is very sensitive . would recommend this for anyone who is looking for a cost-effective and easy-to-use film camera
health pos 262.txt i use this product all the time . it was becoming hard to find in department stores , but i found it available and cheaper online . i 'm very happy .
dvd pos 269.txt there are plenty of anti-bush films and books around . if you only shall see or read one , this must be the best pick . i like michael moore very much , but he is not really a political heavyweighter . and i do n't think fahrenheit 9 / 11 is his best work , it does not mix humour and political insight as well as the book " stupid white men " for instance . it is more like two or three movies in one . william karel is a political heavyweighter and he does not try to make anything more than a documentary . but what a documentary it has turned out to be . very disturbing insights from informed sources , among them former cia-agents . it is not usual to hear such plain speaking from " people in high places " just a few years after the events . this film is perhaps not as entertaining as fahrenheit 9 / 11 , but far more informative .
books pos 20.txt the journal format is a unique take on the genre and i especially like the detailed attention given to gear and survival . the author obviously knows his stuff . what 's also impressive is that this novel is self published . i 'm surprised someone has n't taken notice and offered j.l. bourne a deal . he 's good
dvd neg 504.txt most boring of the barbie movies , i am sure glad my daughter has stopped asking to watch it over and over . and when it is so boring it seems to drag on forever . and i agree with another reviewer , princess and the pauper and rapunzel , much better ! ! !
books pos 272.txt i can not put into words what this journal of the truth has done for me as a african-american male living in the united states of america . i was introduced to this book by a man of guyanese decent who knew i needed to read this book . i have to admit it was a difficult read because my primary education only spoke of american history and there was no mentioning of any african-caribbean contributors from the " middle passage " period . now , at thirty-nine many things are clearer to me . " roots " and " beloved " are historic , well-documented treasures and need to be used in educating all children no matter race , creed or color . to make sure what i read had some semblance of truth while in puerto rico i visited a sugar mill in guanica and my heart just melted . if you read the book you will understand my feelings . i became angry because something as simple as not being forthwith with documented history such as this to young minds of american children lead to misunderstandings amongst the masses hailing from africa , south america , the caribbean , asia , united states and europe . eric williams i know i can not thank you in person because you are no longer here physically but your spirit lives on in your books and you will always be alive everytime one more person reads your book and awaken " thank you " ! for everyone else read the book it will cleanse your soul and feed your mind . once you finish this read " how europe underdeveloped africa " by the same author
books neg 516.txt the author dwells too much on knife fighting rather than the knives . i found the book to be a disappointment
camera pos 661.txt i would recommend this to anyone looking for a way to take video and pictures without the hassle of lugging around ( and charging ) two separate gadgets . it takes excellent pictures , just as good if not better than any other digital camera i have seen . i am also very pleased with the video - i found the software very user friendly and video was easy to transfer and edit on my computer . the battery has a good life , i have had no problems having to stop and recharge it . there is a nite mode that compensates ( very well , i think ) for low light video . the camera is easy to carry around ( it is smaller than my 35mm ) and i am having no problems with the functionality - all in all a great idea and easy to use with great pictures and great video
music neg 715.txt the worst christmas album i ever heard . i just bought it , played it once , and will never play it again
camera pos 79.txt i bought this lens to go with my canon digital rebel xt . i absolutely love this lens . i got it to try some insect and other macro shots and it has served this purpose very well . with some practice this lens will produce fantastic macros with some great bokeh to boot . i read the other reviews and must say that i have never scared an insect away with the noise as mentioned before . and i have taken countless insect shots with this lens . it is a bit louder than the other lenses i have but i do n't see it to be a problem . the one problem i do encounter is when using the autofocus in a busy closeup scene it often will focus on the background instead of say a closer insect on a flower . when this happens i just flip it to manual and focus that way . no big deal . overall , great lens for an even greater price . definitely worth it . ( i submitted a photo of a bee that i took a couple of days ago with this lens as an example . )
dvd neg 951.txt as cute and talented as i think hugh jackman is , this production was a waste of time , space and money . everyone involved in this feature should be ashamed of themselves . the acting is bad , the script is horrendous and the cg people apparently think their stuff do n't stink...which it does-badly . it 's not the worse movie i 've seen , but it 's surprisingly close . please do n't waste your time with this film
health neg 268.txt i was very excited that one of my " boys " had bought me this chair , but when it finally arrived , i was very disppointed . the motors are semi weak , it does not feel like 10 motors more like 6 if that . the chair 's pic is also very unrealistic in my opinion , the seating it not attached , its a pad , very cheaply made not worth the price at all.. . i wouldnt pay more then 80.00 for this chair !
music pos 607.txt leo kottke is a national treasure . he is our greatest living solo acoustic guitar virtuoso . having said that , you 'd expect his cds to be at a very high level of brilliance . i have at least a dozen of his titles . if there is any trouble in deciding the merits of any one disc , it 's because there are so many kottke releases to choose from . " one guitar , no vocals " clearly ranks as one of the best . the compositions tickle my brain , warm my heart , and put a bounce into my step . the guitar playing is dazzling . you really get a glimpse of the man behind the guitar by listening to this music - brilliant , thoughtful , odd , complex , quirky , a huge heart , and the wackiest sense of humor . it 's spirited music , so thoroughly drenched in the personality of its creator that it 's unmistakably and immediately recognizable as leo . the world is full of acoustic guitar instrumentalists these days . some of them are quite excellent . many are not . but there is only one leo kottke . and his guitar music is a gift to the world . a very strong recommendation for this cd
health pos 408.txt well , the other reviews tell you that the shaver works great [compared to other battery operated shavers]. i agree . my point is that one can buy lithium batteries for about a dollar each . google for led flashlight reviews and you will find highg quality cheap lithium batteries . some of them were even tested and evaluated by the flashlight guys
software pos 782.txt ms put office 2007 on a dvd rather than a cd so there is only one disk , so they make the installation easier right off the bat . unlike all previous versions of office , you do not have to get into the details of what options you want . in previous versions , if you did n't make sure you installed all the features , when you went to do a function that was n't installed , you had to dig out your office disks and install the feature . a huge pain , but not anymore . the installation is hands down the easiest of all versions of office . you do n't have to tell it manually where to find your files . you do n't have to manually put in your favorite buttons . it 's all done for you . yes it takes some getting use to the new layout of the functions , but once you figure them out , it is so nice and smooth . this version is light years better than all previous versions . the most impressive part of the installation is outlook 2007. in all previous versions , you had to export and import all your files and contacts . anyone who experienced this , knows that it never went that smooth . sometimes it was awful and you lost emails and contacts in the transfer , and the time it took to do this , was very painful . this is not the case with outlook 2007. just load the program and it does all the transfers from your previous version of outlook . you do n't have to do a thing , and you 're up and running without missing a beat when the program is done loading . you will be shocked how simple it is . anything new has it 's growing pains to learn , but once you do , you will be very glad you made the change
books neg 60.txt no longer intended to be a comprehensive reference , the guinness book is now a sort of compilation of interesting superlatives with oversized pictures and many features that are n't even actual records ( " most overrated celebrity " ) . if you 're going to do this , why not offer one edition that plays it by the book ? so dies a noble institution
music pos 278.txt for the longest time , i have thought that observational truths were highly prone to being the most piercing of things : i have believed that the truth could either hurt ( or disturb ) you terribly , or make you laugh so hard , to the point of hysteria- -or a combination of both extremes . there are many things to put this theory to the test , but to cut it all short , all one would need to do ( if by chance it has n't been done already ) is experience the observational humor of richard pryor to possibly get a better understanding of what i am talking about . this classic comedy album from 1975 is a prime example . richard pryor has been hailed as a genius by many , and i would have to agree : it takes plenty of intelligence and natural talent to be a comedian for starters , but to also turn many disturbing observational truths of everyday life into something painfully , body-breakingly hilarious takes a whole lot of something as well . from the very beginning , to the tail-end of this cd , 1975 's _is it something i said ? _ is a non-stop laugh fest , that personally gets *me* laughing so loud and hard , i end up pretty much abusing almost every part of my body in the process : my throat , my lungs , my sides , my stomach- -they all end up feeling beaten and worn-out . richard 's takes on drugs , sex , race & racism , relationships , and politics in general are every bit as painfully observational as they are profane- -and did i mention hilarious ? the racy quality of the material found here makes so much of what 's referred to as " cutting-edge " these days , seem so contrived and unaffecting ; richard 's observations seem just as relevant now- -if not more so- -as they were 30 years ago . i could n't be graphic in pointing out some of the sickeningly funny moments on this disc - - and there are many - - but i should say that the opening one-two punch of " eulogy , " and " shortage of white people , " and richard 's take on his own battle with cocaine addiction in the " cocaine " bit get me cracking up so hysterically , i sometimes need to be careful not to make myself sick . and again , those are just a few of the many hysterical blasts found here . richard pryor is considered a comedic legend for a reason . this album here is a good example as to why he is considered as such . just do n't play it for the kids , and for the love of god *don't * play it during the middle of the night ; you most certainly will disturb the beauty rest of your family , and your neighbors . and you know what could happen if you disturb one person 's beauty rest : just imagine what would happen if you disturbed the beauty rest of many. .
health pos 327.txt i purchased this as a gift for my husband and he loves it . well made with good trim length settings , it 's also easy to hold . recommended
software pos 869.txt this edition of the color calibration hardware and software is very professional - a fact that is reflected in the price tag . however , the difference between the uncalibrated and calibrated states on a television is very noticeable . the kit includes the colorimeter ( color measurement device ) with a usb connection . the assumption here is that a laptop or nearby desktop is available to calibrate the televisions . the software makes calibration extremely easy . it allows the user to select which color and picture controls the tv allows them to use ( not all televisions present the same controls , and even then , they often have different names ) and modifies its process accordingly . calibration takes approximately 30-45 minutes , but the results are undeniably an improvement . the kit comes in a sturdy plastic case with foam cutouts for the hardware and software ( much like a stargate sg-1 case for an alien device : - ) ) . while expensive , the software and hardware can be used on nearly anything that displays a picture - tvs of any kind and computer monitors - without limit . the one caveat is that , for lcd and other tvs or monitors with " delicate " screens , the suction cup provided to stick the colorimeter to the device requires a good deal of force . in fact , the force required is more than i am comfortable with applying to any display i have , except crts . as such , calibration requires one to either hold the colorimeter to the tv for each measurement ( not really a problem ) , or buy the tripod for the device . this is the only downside . this device is definitely of professional quality and is a must for any home theater enthusiast or the perfectionist in your household . it might even be possible to recover the cost of the unit by becoming a calibration technician.. . : -
dvd pos 339.txt aside from the all-star cast , this story takes turns you 'd never have guessed . it 's a feel good movie in every sense of the word
health neg 999.txt sturdy enough for the price , but no power . replaced original battery with a new duracell . still fuctioned like the battery was drained . like i mentioned before , what do you expect for the price
books pos 587.txt i work for a dept . with the state government and grote 's comprehensive performance management system was implemented several years ago . it works . takes the indecision and inconsistency out of perform . mgt . this text is excellent . i found that it was easy to read and to apply . we also use grote 's discipline without punishment ( dwop ) system also . i recommend his book of the same title also . excellent system .
dvd neg 16.txt first of all , this is not the worst movie ever made , nor even the worst movie ever made that was given a budget and some name stars . the worst movie ever made was " autumn in new york " , but that is a different review . no , this not a great movie , but it is very interesting . and for once , thank god , it does n't end with everything tied up in a pretty hollywood bow where everthing works out for everyone . it has a gritty sort of realism that transcends the walk through performances of the stars of the movie . and the scenery works well for the overall feel of the movie , bleak . more interestingly for me and others of my generation who grew up with the brat pack , this marked the end of these actors forays into trying to do the teenager thing . for molly ringwald , she did n't do anything of note again until " the stand " six years later , and for andrew mccarthy , well it could be argued that he still has n't starred in anything of note again ( although he probably made some money from " weekend at bernies " i & ii ) . anyway , probably better to rent than buy , i am only buying it to complete my 80 's collection .
health pos 688.txt i bought this product specifically because it was originally described as being / having " mood-brightening natural spectrum light . " i thought it would help on the gloomy pacific northwest winter days . i got it on a friday sale price , so it seemed like a good value for the product description given here . the lamp just arrived ( a few days ago - when i originally submitted this review ) , and the product 's faq sheet states this product is " designed only to provide excellent quality light for daily tasks and hobbies . this lamp does *not* offer the correct level of light intensity specified by the national institute of mental health for the treatment of seasonal affective disorder ( s.a.d. ) . the product literature packed with the lamp has no mention at all that this product offers " mood-brightening " light . because of this glaring misrepresentation , i am currently debating whether to the return the lamp . i agree with the other reviewer that the adhesive labels ( there are two ) are very sticky and difficult to remove completely . i used a combination of methods to remove the adhesive residue . and i agree with the comments about the company name being printed on the front of the lamp . when i saw it in the picture , i thought it had to be some kind of company watermark or logo for the stock photo only , so i was shocked to see " verilux " actually printed / embossed into the lamp housing , in a very prominent location on the front of the lamp . very cheesy , for a lamp of this price point and quality . if you 're looking for a " clean " bright light , in a stylish , portable lamp , this is not a bad choice . but if you 're looking for a full-spectrum light that does offer some light " therapy , " this is probably the wrong choice . the company does have other , " therapeutic " lighting options , but at a higher price point . nov 1 , 2006 update - i was concerned enough about the original , misleading product description that i submitted my concerns to amazon . i now see that the description had been revised since submitting those concerns . i want to thank amazon for their very prompt response in correcting the product description , which should help other buyers make a more-informed decision .
music pos 20.txt i had tears in my eyes when i first heard this album . i get emotional over music i really like , and this album got to me.so many great standards so well delivered by the duo . they deliberately chose slower ballads for this album so do n't look for uptempo , snappy songs in this one.not that harry warren could not write faster stuff like jeepers creepers , shuffling off to buffalo etc. this album is to sing along with softly or hum.i kept thinking of bogart in the rain in casablanca and other lovers in w.wii.i know the main tune in that movie was not by harry warren ; it simply reminded me of great love tunes from that era by julie styne[time after time] and the grossly underrated harry warren.grab someone you love , some good wine and savor one of the great popular composers and a great duo.they should do more harry warren albums , michael and george.i thank them profusely
dvd pos 438.txt " domestic disturbance " is a thriller about a divorced couple and their child . frank ( john travolta ) has to deal with a man marrying his ex-wife susan . the guy ( vince vaughn ) is well liked by the community , but there are hints of something being amiss with him . frank 's son claims he witnesses his mother 's new husband rick commit murder . the more frank investigates rick , the more suspicious he looks . the investigation spurs a game of cat and mouse . there is great interaction between travolta as a concerned parent and vaughn the cold heartless type . the tension between them breeds suspense . the would-be new father uses his craftiness to manipulate those around him . there are few things he would n't do to get his way . " domestic disturbance " is entertaining with its high-tension suspense and great action . i highly recommend it for those who enjoy a thriller that will keep you guessing to the last minutes .
books neg 825.txt i love how many people like to say that lawrence walsh was a republican . funny . he was an eisenhower republican worlds removed from the conservative movement . and let 's face it : he stink bombed george h.w. bush at the end of the 1992 campaign when bush was gaining ground on clinton . i 'm not saying bush would have won if walsh had n't indicted caspar weinberger on the friday before the election , but walsh made a next-to-impossible task unattainable for bush . bush got him back , of course , by pardoning weinberger on christmas eve , 1992. the beginning of the book was interesting to say the least . as it wore on , however , it became a prosecutor hoping to go down in history whining about republicans . let 's face it : people in power tend to be corrupt . they have protection the rest of us do n't have . this was n't just true about reagan and bush ; it 's true about clinton and whoever you wish to name . about halfway through the book , walsh concentrates his fire on the guy who was vp at the time , ghw bush . i also find the fact it was endorsed by a number of liberals interesting to say the least . i guess when you ca n't beat a guy at the ballot box , you impeach him or at least try to . right ? not worth the investment of time or money - but does have some good historical information inside .
books neg 297.txt this is a good book , but most are under the impression that einstein actually created the content of the book . einstein actually compiled the physics theories of the latest german and italian physicists and wrote it as his entire theory . for instance , e=mc^2 was not created by einstein , as so many people people . an italian physicist came up with it . if you do n't believe me check any encyclopedia . einstein suceeded in taking everyone 's work and compiling it . this was helpful to the world of physics . unfortunately , this stuff is outdated , and autodynamics has disproven many things that einstein says in this book . when it came out it was already outdated . this was published in the 60s . autodynamics disproved what is in this book in the 40s ( 45 i believe ) . if this was published in the 20s or even the 30s , it would have been a good book
software pos 734.txt its a good software , it works good and keep the computer safe from spam , virus , and some others malware , try it
books neg 933.txt i certainly agree that portis is a talented writer , but i just did n't find him all that funny . perhaps i 'm missing something , but i thought that the characters were strange enough , not amusing , just strange . i was frustrated by the characters and the world that they inhabited . i forced myself to finish the book and i was rewarded by the one funny line in the whole book , which comes at the very end of the novel
software neg 873.txt if you have used the online version in the past , stick with it . buying it on disk does not allow you to import data from previous returns if done on line and you can not upload to myturbotax . almost as if two separate companies ! plus the user interface on this software stinks bigtime . very hard to navigate back and forth . online version is actually better ( though i did n't try it this year ) . does intuit actually employ programmers or watch real users ? they spend far too much money on useless features like videos and not enough on simple ui issues
music pos 44.txt wow , this album takes me back to the fall of ' 79 , around the same time as mj was taking over the world with his scorching solo debut " off the wall " ! ! both of these albums got heavy rotation on my turntable and were house party essentials when i was a 15 yr old kid spinning the hot joints of the day ! at this time , prince was still a virtual unknown to the mainstream , but to a hip urban audience comprised mostly of blacks , gays , and ultra-hip whites who really knew what time it was , this lp served as notice that a " new thang " was brewin ' in minneapolis that was going to take the pop world by storm in a few short years ! from the opening track , " i wanna be your lover " , his first big single ( gold ) to the rockin ' " why you wanna treat me so bad ? " , which also was a single and a true fan fave ! - - to " sexy dancer " which was sure to bring everybody to the dance floor and into a frenzy ! prince then cools down the mood with " when we 're dancing close and slow " , which is just beautiful with its sparse piano and acoustic 12-string guitar- -one of his many underrated slow jams of all time ! then side 2 opened with the pretty " with you " and into the scorching rockalistic ode to female bisexuality. . " bambi " , which still knocks me for a loop ! i 've had the pleasure of seeing him perform this song live twice down through the years. . once in 1980 during his " dirty mind tour " and again in 1992 during his " nude tour " while i was overseas ! - -awesome ! ! then there 's what i call " the great triplicate " ... " still waiting " ( another underrated slow classic ! ) , followed by what is to me , the definitive version of " i feel for you " ( no disrespect to the great chaka khan ! ) , followed by another underrated slow jam masterpiece " it 's gonna be lonely " , which still sends me today at 41 the same as it did when i first heard it at 15 ! this album was prince 's first platinum album , proving that he ( at only 22 ) was indeed a hitmaker and one to watch ! this album and the next one , " dirty mind " , served as a changing of the gaurd from the older established innovators of that day like stevie wonder , earth , wind & fire and parliament / funkadelic , etc. & is an essential if your collecting prince classics ! in fact , you ca n't go wrong with this kat between his debut , 1978 's " for you " to 1987 's " sign o ' the times " ...it just does n't get any better !
camera neg 476.txt i bought this camera in about february 2005 but did n't know enought about digital to know what i can actually get . goes through batteries pretty fast . the recharge time between pictures sometimes causes me to miss another good shot . takes way too much time between pressing shutter button and taking the picture . i just thought this was normal for digital cameras till i began reading later reviews . then i accidentally dropped the camera onto a soft surface ( loose dirt and sawdust ) and now the lens is stuck most of the way out and will not retract and camera will not come on . contacted hp to get it fix but will cost close to $100 and they will just send a reconditioned one . so i am in the market for another digital camera-maybe a canon or sony or something besides an hp
dvd pos 472.txt there ca n't be a better storyteller than teddy ruxpin . as i child i was enthralled with this animated story and would impatiently play with my toy teddy ruxpin as i waited for saturday morning to come again so i could see another episode of the tv series . this show has a clear progression of plot development that starts right from episode one . so many cartoons are just one-shots , an individual small plot for each episode . teddy ruxpin was an epic adventure that caught you up and carried you along for a fantastic adventure ! along the way , kids learn important morals , values , and a lot about their own world . this is a fantastic cartoon to share with children of any age . and what a great price ! well worth it !
music neg 926.txt i never write reviews for anything , but this one was so bad , i could n't help myself . everybody has different tastes , but if you like music with any kind of structure or melody at all , you will not like belladonna . i could not make sense of it at all , it rambled on and on , never getting to the point , never picking a path , never building on a theme . it bored me with it 's vague attempts to build a song . i listened to it 2 times just to make sure i was n't imagining how bad it was , and then i dumped it . it was not my style , and i do n't see how it could be anybody 's style , but that 's just me . i felt obligated to voice my opinion and possible save somebody out there from being bitterly disappointed . good luck on your listing adventures
music pos 9.txt relationships and drug use are major themes . this album starts off with two absolute killer tunes , lets down some but has a joy thoughout . i ca n't believe this is going to be his only album.....what a shame . from someone who has been listening to rock for a long time , i tell ya , this is a blast . pure fun . something you might want to give to someone you have broken up with as its full of a broken heart and the joy of being in love.....mostly rather quickly paced . one of my favorite albums of the 90s . more people should listen
books neg 639.txt this book is perfunctory and extremely shallow . russell 's reductive reading of the tradition shows little insight . however , it is amusing at times , hence the star
camera pos 699.txt bought as a gift for daughter in law . she loves it . seems to be an excellant entry level camcorder . enough bells and whistles to satisfy most without being excessively expensive . quality is good which is to be expected from jvc . operation is simple enough and picture quality even for jpeg internet quality stills is satisfactory .
books pos 659.txt this book was & quot ; required reading&quot ; when i first started in the investment business 16 years ago - - it was a fabulous introduction to wall street and the stock market . i have recommended it many times over the years , and continue to do so
software neg 838.txt this operating system was one of the most unsatisfactory i have ever used- -including dos , win 3.1 , windows 95 and windows 98. aside from being incompatible with older hardware , xp home edition crashes frequently-particularly if you like to work with several windows open at once . most important , the program is highly susceptible to viruses and hackers . preventing these two problems requires expensive add-on software and hardware . true enough , the built-in firewall ought to work . but in my case , hackers got in anyway . i had to hire an expensive data recovery guru-another story in itself . even reinstalling the program did not solve the problem . my computer was completely compromised . i was eventually forced to junk the machine . after my dreadful experience with xp home edition , i have sworn off windows forever . mac and linux are both far superior
books pos 335.txt this book provides a good research methodology which covers the essential elements of starting and operating a small business from scratch . the author covers the operational and legal issues in clear english . there are references to another work entitled " businesses you can start almanac by adams " . typical new businesses cited by the adams work are : - traffic control consultants - therapeutics - technical writers who translate legalese or computerese into understandable english - personalized child books - systems integration - time management training - corporate training - nutrition consultant - standardized test preparation - manufacturers reps - mystery shoppers - freelance writers - government contract consulting - efficiency experts - outdoor adventures - noise control via dosimeters - herbal products distributors - greeting card senders - graphic designers and a plethora of others the book is a good reference guide for anyone contemplating the start of a small business
dvd neg 116.txt the old dvd from 1997 looks better than the new hd version . i 've compared the two , and the first dvd had good color saturation , dark blacks and looked right with the heavy red and brown palette . the hd version has a blue-green haze covering everything and the picture is too bright . they also removed the film grain and made the image look smooth and creamy . the sound quality is better now , though , and the image of course is higher resolution .
dvd neg 441.txt for the time period when this was made , this was an excellent movie . made you stop and think , " watch who you 're going to bed with " !
health pos 772.txt my hair is very wavy and frizzy , i have to condition my hair every day so it does n't look dry and damaged . 2 weeks ago i got my hair cut , the stylist used a sedu straightener on me . wow ! suddenly , my hair was stick straight and super glossy ( really brought out the natural highlights ) . i bought one from him for $199 ( should have checked the internet first ) . i 've tried a cheap flat iron before ; after wrestling with it for 40 minutes and pulling the heck out of my hair , all i got was slightly " pressed " hair . the sedu iron has super smooth ionic plates , so it glides through your hair very easily , quickly and smoothly . no more pulling of my hair . i can give myself smooth , gorgeous , in about 5 minutes . another plus is that the style will stay until the next time you wash your hair ; now i only have to straighten my hair every other day . sure , sedu is on the expensive side , but this salon-quality tool is more than worth it . look good and feel good every day !
health pos 381.txt i have a few minor quibbles with this razor , but it gives you a nice close , comfortable shave . and is n't that what we want in the end ? i do n't know anyone who buys one of these things for its " ergonomic design features . " it holds the charge for a good long time , and shaves your face nice . rinse it clean with running water and you 're done . that 's what i 'm looking for . the only things keeping me from a 5 star review is i 'm not yet comfortable with how the razor sounds when running . it seems like it 's always needing a charge...but that 's how it sounds at full charge . it will take some getting used to i guess..others might find the quiet running mode a plus . also , the monthly cleaning of the cutters / combs is a bit complicated .
dvd pos 706.txt ...that you simply have to see , " mrs miniver " being one , a little known film dealing with a fictitious german invasion to a sweet english village , " went the day well ? " and this film . why so ? because all 3 were made at the start of the war ( early 40 's ) when england stood very much alone in the fight agaisnt hitler and aggresive facism . invasion fears were rife , the war effort looked hopeless at times as in europe , hitler opposing country after country fell to the german aggressors ( not to mention the rampage going on in africa at the hands of rommel aided by the italian forces under mussolini 's instruction ) . england 's small island identity stood alone and under threat and was bombed , starved and demoralised into feeling invasion could happen any day . it was quite possibly the darkest of times in english history and these three films capture the flavour of that dispondancy but equally the might of the will to survive and protect , with realistic perfection . in which we serve does this more personally as we know it is based in truth and the characters become dear and well rounded quite quickly , inspiring us to care about these folk from many walks of british life . for a modern audience it may seem a little over stoic and sentimental at times but place the emotion in context of the year it was made ( 1942 ) , and i guarantee you will view it an aching sense of fear and hope which was precisely coward 's plan . an absolute gem and a must see , i weep every time i watch it
music pos 544.txt first off , to the above comments , while i thoroughly enjoyed your well articulated history lessons , and would be interested to read other history lessons from you , you have to realize that this story is not directly based off of the 300 spartans at thermopolye , but of the graphic novel . now this is not to say that it is historily accurate in some sense , but the movie is tuned more to the direction of the graphic novell itself . **** caution spoiler alert ***** besides that the soundtrack is amazing and it is always a joy to listen to a soundtrack that really captivates the real emotion of that particular scene , i especially enjoyed the music when they fight the " beasts " and it is really hard rock , and i especially loved the ending music when the entire spartan army is gathered and the one spartan is telling them to remember leonidas ( it is called remember us on the soundtrack ) . may we all find our own " glorius death
camera neg 671.txt ok this is the third sony handycam i have owned and this is the most lacking in options..sony messed up with the usb port because if your looking for that one just spend the extra cash and get the trv 280 i had the 280 and it was stolen from me so i came on here and saw the trv 138 and i purchased it and was disapointed in the picture quality..its fuzzy. . im in the process of seeing if the seller will return this camera so i can get the trv280 back. . i hope this has helpe
software pos 583.txt among the various offerings available , this is perhaps the most complete . each offerings has some unique capabilities that others do n't possess ; but if you want only one product this one gives you the closest match to a professional product that can be used by print shops
software pos 913.txt well presented , easy to follow along , and easy to revisit previous lessons . videos and illustrated fretboard really help see and hear how the song should be played . not a lot of depth in the material but probably about the right level to maintain the attention of most students . some of the accompanyment / singing could be better but overall does a good job presenting the music so the student can practice along . some of the material / songs may not be to everyones liking , but again , these are okay for the beginner . the singing can be a slight destraction sometimes . i probably would n't recommend this to be the only source of learning guitar....and i do n't think most people buying it would think it 's all the will every need to become a great guitar player . i 'm sure a teacher would still be very advantageous especially when it comes to pointing out bad habits that may creep into the new students technique . i 'm trying to learn without a teacher as well and have found other music books very useful . bottom line ; this is a good product and provides a good start at learning to play the guitar .
books pos 286.txt this is one of the best books i have ever read that captures the experience of visual impairment . it is beautifully written and very evocative . it will move those who are not visually impaired as well
dvd neg 463.txt after i saw the first two " scary movies " i decided too see this movie . i thought the wayans brothers were the two writers , but i can see that i was wrong . this movie is a spoof with no plot and no good jokes . i could hardly understand anything in this movie at all without giving my self a headache ! i myself , a teen , which this movie appealed too did not find this funny . i do n't know why teens like this movie so much . -ben russell
books pos 485.txt this book covers everything you 'll need to know about making model scenery . that being said , the material presented may seem a little overwhelming and difficult to a novice , however , with some trial and error , you 'll eventually get it righ
camera pos 650.txt very clear , bright day , strong magnification quality seems to be good . very well priced at around $100.00.i will know more over the passage of time .my firstimpression is good mj schra
books neg 998.txt this book is a place to start at best . the main part of middle eastern cook that i find enjoyable is the use of fresh produce and spices . this book calls for dried spices at times . the dishes do n't produce the food that i remember eating growing up with my family . the book is not a total loss , however . the spinach pies are acceptable . there are many other books out there that i would recommend first
health pos 603.txt my kids love this it fades right into the next color they fall right to sleep watching it change its an awesome light i was very pleased and its not to bright like some light up the room its just perfect mom of a 3 and 5 yr old ! !
books neg 709.txt the book starts off ok with a good introduction of the various api 's and is ok reading up untill chapter 6 " programming linux audio " . this is where the book fails terribly . none of the audio samples will compile and the information about openal is just plain wrong . first the function used to open a wav file is no the corerct function to use for linux . the author uses the win32 version . this is just the start of the openal errors . minus one star ! second the book 's two websites ( one of which no longer exists ( loki ) ) contains no errata and no way to contact the author . the only information is avalible is a zip file of the books sample files ( which do not compile of course ) . minus two stars ! ohter things about the book that did not work for me was the fact that the author uses c instead of c++. while c is still used for game development , most programmers are attempting to migrate to c++ and ood . books released about 1950 should reflect that ! second the author uses tcl as a game scripting engine . while i can agree to a point ( based on the fact of the easy of implementation ) the author should have used a common scripting engine such as lua . ( although the author does mention at the end of the book that tcl was proably a bad idea . third the author should have introduced autoconf very early in the book instead of waiting untill chapter 10. the main thing that i liked about the book was the good intro to programming with linux in general . the topics of linux debugging and makefiles i thought was good ( assuming you have experince in these areas on other platfoms ) . also the coverage of sdl was a pretty good intro .
camera neg 918.txt i purchased this case for my dscs90. i hate it ! it is only big enough to hold the camera and nothing else . there is no handle to the case , in fact the case only has zippers and you are suppose to use the strap from the camera itself for the handle . the zippers do not stay in place and the camera can easily fall out of the case so i do n't recommend doing this . look for a better case for your new camera .
camera neg 876.txt i bought a sony icd-mx20 digital voice recorder a week ago . i was surprised that sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named " digital voice editor " . sony customer service staff told me that if you lost the cd that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . only patches of the software are available to download . the customer service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device . this immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . think twice before making your buying decision .
books neg 908.txt ' introducing postmodernism ' is a good source to gather names of philosophers , architects , artists , anthropologists , linguists , and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to pm . the problem , and it is a big one , is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines . sure , if you only have half an hour to read up on pm , you can whip through this book and go on with your life . but if you 're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon , and perhaps go on to read more , this book is not the place to start . check out david harvey 's ' condition of postmodernism . ' this will rip the top of your head clean off ! it 's much more weighty ( in every sense of the word ) , but your understanding of pm will vastly improve , and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the ' genre '
health neg 977.txt i bought a pack of 3 and used twice daily in the shower to try and clear my oily skin problems . this product left my skin dry and sometimes peeling . did not work for me , but it might work for you
health neg 676.txt it 's a handy mirror for the price but if your looking for a good vanity mirror , i suggest looking for something larger with a higher magnification . the light is not great at all . it 's very dim . one of the good qualities of the mirror is that it 's cordless and comes with an adapter if you do n't have batteries handy
camera neg 27.txt i was expecting much more from this flash , i already started looking for the better one . if i knew this was a closeout item i 'd never buy it . it died on me with no indication , sent to canon fixed and returned with a big scratch on it . now it does work but sometings wrong with recycle time even with brand new duracell batteries.. . save money and buy 5xx series flash. .
books pos 957.txt i read this book even before it was assigned to my undergrad psychology class - - and then i read it again , and enjoyed it both times . de wall does protest too much - - he 's clearly answering his critics throughout - - but i found his curmudgeonly outbursts amusing . more importantly , de wall 's arguments for the existence of culture in animals are persuasive ( not that i needed much persuading ) , and his use of anecdotes keep the book entertaining . i 'm looking at my pet pooches in a whole new way these days
music pos 350.txt there is a reason why styx was the first musical act to have 4 triple platinum albums in row ! find out why . they are a unique band , with their own uncatagorizable style and sound . not hard rock , but can rock . not pop , but catchy melodies and great three part harmony . not art rock , but themed concepts in their writing and dramatic tempo changes and crescendos in their music . it is probably true that lady was the first power ballad , though styx was not credited for it . lady paved the way for other rock bands to showcase their softer sides . perhaps styx was not always successful in their attempts , but they took chances artistically and musically and should be given props for doing so . every song on this cd is great ; however the two that stand out for me are too much time on my hands and suite madame blue . most people who have spent time in neighborhood bar will would likely agree that too much time on my hands is witty , funny , and true . suite madame blue a song which is a metaphor for the united states is simply one of the greatest rock songs ever ! ! the lyrics of suite madame blue are as powerful as the music , and this song contains all the elements which made styx great
dvd pos 773.txt war exposed some violence simmering within one gulf war veteran . christian bale is electrifying as jim , a tough-minded ex-ranger whose brutal nature did n't subside after his return home to la . they say war changes a man . this might be evident here , but it feels more like the fighting only unleashed the demons inside of jim . along with his buddy mike ( freddy rodriguez ) , the two tear through the town , bingeing on drugs and alcohol . their is no deep plot here , just a couple of ruffians going around town looking for jobs . but it is a great character study , watching jim self-destruct . bale is great in this type of role , like he was in american psycho or the machinist . i liked this movie much more than training day , which this director previously wrote the screenplay for
music neg 549.txt most people seem to like the soundtrack from " glory " , but this fact does not necessarily make " glory " a great , or even good soundtrack...most people also like the food served atmacdonald 's , but no intelligent person would argue in favor of thier menu as being good or great based on numbers...it is something to put in one 's mouth whenever nothing better is available and one is hungry...the same might be said regarding " glory " ...if one 's tastes run to choir music , almost any gregorian chant album is head and shoulders above the insipid choir music to be found here...as for the themes , they are commonplace variations , often bootlegged from other scores by the same composer , or new work that the composer later bootlegged into other scores , so , all in all , the effort plays rather like a buffet offering at a cheap , " homestyle " diner...the film , on the other hand , was well done , and , apparently , from reading many of the other reviews here , the unwarranted praise owes more to satisfaction with the film itself , rather than very much stand-alone praise for the score.horner has written a lot of really , really beautiful and original scores , but perhaps because most of his best efforts have been for small or little-noticed movies these have not been recognised for thier greatness...so , in sum , we are left with a very popular film , provided with a very mundane score by an award winning composer
music pos 558.txt i hesitated for so long to get this . having followed moby 's rise since circa 1994 it has been amazing to watch what an impact he has had on music and on various cultural media over the years . i like his early techno / rave stuff and have enjoyed the gift he has for using electronica to score some beautiful and haunting hymns . but i wondered : has moby gone soft ? has he sold out ? i was pleasantly surprised . look at the cover and add rain . that 's the overall mood of this album . i find rain to be cleansing on many levels , often building a mood of pensiveness , reflection and a fragile peacefulness . there is a glorious melancholy in the music , the lyrics and the singing on the album . take the chilled out moments from moby 's other albums and build on it . that 's what he 's done here . almost every song has singing - primarily moby 's longing , almost cyring , voice - and almost every song is for those rainy nights , when the world does n't make sense , when longing for companionship and understanding burdens the heart , yet with a subtle hope underneath it all . it 's downtempo , mellow , moody and sometimes sad . but it is beautiful . do n't expect " old " moby , do n't look for the commercial jingles of play . just put it on and listen
books neg 459.txt ive read many endtimes outlines . tcp isnt any good . go to fortbethel.com under books for much better guides . tcp put me to sleep
books neg 378.txt this book is out of rint for one reason , it is terrible . i am no lover of big companies but the author is so biased in this book it is hard to believe anything she says . she blames p&amp ; g for the destruction of the environment , mistreating employees , the role of women in society and racism . p&amp ; g has done many things wrong , most big companies have , but it is not the cause of the fall of western society
dvd pos 138.txt this is an essential collection for every al pacino fan . in carlitos way and scarface he does one of his best work ever . then there is the performance that gave him his only oscar so far in a scent of a woman . if you enjoy really good films with a good script and cast you should buy the al pacino collection
music neg 943.txt this cd was devoid of any of govi 's usual emotional imprint or soaring guitar work . frankly , it was just a bunch of new age background noise that one would hear on elevators . some of the craig chaquico-style stuff was interesting , but better left to craig . try 7th heaven , mosaico or guitar odyssey instead
camera pos 89.txt this lens has gotten some bad reviews , i think , partly because it is starting to show it 's age . this was the first usm is lens , and the technology has really grown since then . if canon were to come along with an updated 75-300 usm is lens , man , it would blow everything away . that being said , yes , this lens is a little slow to focus . but , if you are not using it for work like one of the professional sports photographers you see on the sidelines at baseball games , you should be okay . it also could use an extra stop ( or two , or three ! ) because when you are handholding , you need that aperture to be as open as it can be . all of this aside , i really have gotten some gems of pictures out of this lens . it lets you get as closer then you possibly could hope for . if you have asteady hand and plently of availible light , you can get some really nice shots . if you are in a low light situation.. . you will need a tripod . the is of lens works.. . pretty good , but i have had a number of ever so slightly blurry pictures that would n't have been had there been some more aperature room to play with . all in all , its a good starter telephoto lens , especially for digital slrs since it really extends the zoom on those . its great for the price , and when you decide to upgrade to one of those white canon l beauties , just sell it
music pos 84.txt it tiptoes through the years and delivers the punch , but as i wrote in my review , i never thought shangri la was going to be the last , though it appears just that . but all in the suit , man , they did that after shangri la de and i wonder , if this was the direction to come , my god ! ! ! ! it 's worth it for that track alone. . 5 stars is my own way of saying thank you , but it is not just sentimental , the only album in the short career that was n't great was tiny music , but the quote " trippin " made up for it . it 's a shame it 's over . i do n't like revolver , it 's not evolution for weiland and i ca n't imagine him being happy there , it steps back and all i ever hoped was that someday this band , stp , would reign supreme and been given the praise and adulation they deserve . all i can do is give stars , but i would rather buy another stp album or go see them live...is rock dead ? i think it is and it went with this band
books neg 295.txt no one alive today cares that ny had fires in 1741 ( unlike the chicago fire of 1871 ) . why did author lepore choose to bring up this terrible racial incident . is she trying to create trouble ? be a traitor to her own race ? book is well researched i guess but the racial subject matter stinks and was unnecessary to bring up ! totally unnecessary !
dvd neg 825.txt not what i expected when renting this movie . as others have said clarissa came off too pure and innocent . futhermore , i do n't understand why such a viriginal woman would run off to be with one of the most horrid men in the world ? everyone knows what lovelace has done..there are numerous accounts . yet she goes with him anyway ? blah . the acting was ok . the costumes were excellent ( i love period movies ) but the plot dragged and dragged and dragged . and as another put it , i was very glad when clarissa kicked the bucket . i read a lot of historical fiction , classic novels and love period movies , but there was no liking this one . it just couldnt be done
books neg 608.txt i admit that i tried to read this twice and failed both times . i got to around page 20 or so . i 'll probably try again . however , if you 're an adult who has already read other philosophies i would suggest attempting to read it just so you 'll know what objectivism is about . i would n't suggest it for teens that have n't had any prior readings , though . objectivism is about the self and about " reason " , and it can be heady stuff for someone who has no real experience in anything else . the strange thing about the tone of the writing is that it comes across as venomous . i assume that 's in my head , but judge for yourself . her caricatures of " the witch doctor " ( who controls others from a spiritual perspective ) and " attila " ( who controls by brute force ) are actually interesting . wrong , but interesting . since objectivists rely on reason alone for their survival ( or think they do , anyway ) , it 's rather surprising the lack of logical thinking early in the book . my suggestion is to attempt to read it without dismissing her out of hand ( she 's not wrong on everything ) , or swallowing it all without using your own critical thinking skills . judging by previous reviews , it seems there were plenty of both kinds of readers . if you buy into it , you can get a feeling of superiority over others in a kind of pseudo-intellectual way . if you do n't buy into it , however , you 're evil ( either the witch doctor or attila ) and probably just too stupid to " get it " . why i did n't finish it yet.. . i just could n't get past her ignorance of history , frankly . if you 're writing a work of fiction , the historical innacuracies do n't matter , but this is n't supposed to be fiction . i like history and most people do n't , so it probably wo n't bother most people . also , while she denounces religion , ms. rand has no problem hopping up to the pulpit herself . like all other religions and cults , the world is messed up basically because people do n't think like she does .
books pos 667.txt most people will say that episode one is their least favorite of all the star wars films . but john williams composure for this one is second only to the empire strikes back for the entire star wars trilogy . this extended version is a must have , it contains all the music from the movie . the entire fight scene at the end of the movie is included and its wonderful to listen to . i wish somoone would do the rest of the prequel trilogy like this cd . a must have
software pos 797.txt there have been enough changes for the better to make this product well worth the purchase , installation , & learning curve
software pos 622.txt i am a user of acronis backup and very satisfied with it and was hoping that the disk director would be the same however it is a little more complicated to use , i partitioned a drive then wanted to convert back and have not yet be able to do so , i know that you can but just have n't found out how yet , it could have been made a little more simplier to use
music neg 410.txt i wo n't go into a long diatribe . suffice it to say that when i listened to this upon its release earlier this year , i was disappointed . i gave it a few more close listens and find that the musical quality is not great . this is more a photo of dylan as a free-spirit . there 's a point where baez messes up a song . ( i do n't have anything against baez . that being said , i do n't have much for her either . ) there 's joking and laughing , but really , i do n't need a double-disk of acoustic material that seems to be performed by someone who sounds like he 'd rather be in the audience than performing . you can almost sense why dylan went electric in this concert . the bootlegs prior to this are superior and i would suggest that if you are n't a die-hard dylan fan to stick with them . if you really like dylan 's acoustic work and not his electric stuff , you should be pleased with this double-disc . i love dylan , but not enough to enjoy this over and over again . i 'll go to disk one of the 4th bootleg for my acoustic fix
books neg 242.txt i know that as a wolf-lover i am a bit biased , but i would still like to say that this book is stupid and incorrect . you see , in this story , three children are left alone . a wolf disguised as their grandmother tricks them into letting him in , because he wants to eat them . unfortunately , that 's where this seemingly charming book starts going downhill . this is just another stupid book that , summed up , says " wolves are evil , ugly beasts who attack people ! ! we have to kill them all before they gorge themselves on our children ! " yep , the wolf is depicted as evil in this book . why could n't they make it something that actually hurts people , like a bear or a mountain lion ? ignorance , that 's why . the wolf is also depicted as stupid and easy to trick in this book . see , near the end , the children try to trick the wolf by telling him he can become immortal by eating gingko nuts . they plan on luring him into their trap , to get rid of him . the wolf instantly falls for it , which is lame . wolves are among the most intelligent and perceptive animals on earth ! it 's practically traditional to make children 's books with wolves as villains , and the chinese seem to loath wolves , but this book crosses the line . do n't let your kids read it unless you want them to think wolves are savage , stupid , man-eating beasts . if they already think so , you 'd be neglecting mankind 's need to know things even more by letting them read it . in other words , it 's a terrible book .
music pos 211.txt as he did with " parade " , the soundtrack to his last vanity project " under the cherry moon " , prince provides a musically invigorating soundtrack to " graffiti bridge " , which is a hopelessly silly film . no matter . " graffiti bridge " , prince 's first album of the 90 's , is also one of prince 's best albums of the 90's . " new power generation " serves as the title track to prince 's new band , and it 's a powerful , funky manifesto . " the question of u " is exotic and intoxicating . " elephants and flowers " is an upbeat song about spiritual redemption , whereas " tick tick bang " is prince at his most joyously raunchy . although most of prince 's material is exceptionally strong here , the collaborations and contributions by other artists are a mixed bag . " we can funk " is a simmering duet between prince and funkmaster george clinton , and tevin campbell provides some youthful exuberance to " round and round " . but the tracks by the time mostly fall flat . i 've personally always found morris day to be a one-trick pony with his effete pimp routine , and his one trick gets boring quickly . it 's obvious that with " graffiti bridge " prince is trying to create the feel and atmosphere of a funky block party . but i ca n't help but wonder , without the tracks featuring other artists , if " graffiti bridge " would n't be more highly regarded as one of prince 's better albums
health neg 361.txt i really dun know if i was expecting too much out of this machine...but its not really that great...there are just one or two sounds that u may like..like the running stream , heartbeat , tropical forest etc..the rest of them like the ocean waves , rainfall...thunderstorm...white noice...etc pretty much dont let u sleep...also someone complained here about the alarm...what alarm ? ? ? ? ? thats a different model which is about $20...this one is just the sounds....which sound artificial...if u are expecting a more natural sound...move on...this one is more like a radio with too much static !
books neg 733.txt this poorly executed story drags on for too long while the town waits for the return of sister north . in the end , we really do n't care if she ever returns . the ending is cliched and predictable . a waste of time
books pos 399.txt i found both volumes of ms. cook 's books fascinating . i could not wait to return to them . i learned a lot about eleanor and the time in which she lived . i will buy copies of both for all my children and suggest that my grands read them as well .
health neg 365.txt and i am not just talking about weight loss products . i took one pill....one pill ! within a few minutes , i was curled up around the toilet crying because i needed to throw up so badly but i couldn't . i had n't drunk anything but one glass of water with it , and yet , i was peeing all day . i was nauseus....my fiancee stayed home with me all day to take care of me . i did n't want to move , but i would have to go to the bathroom to pee , and would carry around a trash can with me just in case i finally could throw up . i would not wish these symptoms on anyone , not even my worst enemy . that was probably the worst sickness i have ever had
music pos 218.txt i love this album , the best of phil collins . i believe every great artist always delivers their best stuff when they are in a rut . i know he wrote some of the songs on this album bases on his bad times / suffering with his ex wife . he did not realize how much pain she was in and the mood and moment is captured very well . he is a great composer . too bad most of his new songs...2006 , times are different and so is his life , i do not enjoy them as much . once an artist becomes more self-actualized much of their best work becomes just that a memory .
health neg 566.txt the amount of time resulted in minimal results- -i was very disappointed
camera neg 9.txt i paid extra for air next day service . item was advertised as available and ready to ship immediately . item eventually arrived two weeks later . i had left for a trip . item was eventually sent back to merchant . merchant did n't credit me for item returned . i had to email merchant and wait for another 2 weeks before item was credited . i wo n't buy from willoughby 's again
books pos 646.txt we love this book ! we have made many of the recipes that have all tasted great and are healthy . we also gave it to everyone for christmas and they all love the recipes too
dvd pos 453.txt i enjoyed francis veber 's ' the closet ' - released in france in 2001 - for two reasons . first , it features an all-star ensemble of french acting , certainly a tribute to veber 's skill as a director . just take a gander at the first six names to appear on the imdb credits : daniel auteuil .... franois pignon grard depardieu .... flix santini thierry lhermitte .... guillaume michle laroque .... mlle bertrand michel aumont .... belone , the neighbour jean rochefort .... kopel , the director imagine a movie where the great jean rochefort gets slotted sixth . each of these six stars can carry a movie in france on their own back . the fact that the group has teamed here is a testament to veber 's reputation . his previous release , 1998 's ' the dinner game , ' was lauded far and wide as a comedic masterpiece . actors get attracted to that type of skill . the second reason i got a kick out of watching ' the closet' : i just learned that ' bend it like beckham ' writing partners gurinder chadha and paul mayeda berges are prepping a uk re-make for the screen for a targeted 2006 release , with chadha at the helm . her keen eye for comedy tinged with poignancy was confirmed by beckham 's runaway success , so i feel like i 'm in on a really great secret knowing she 's working on a re-make .
software neg 688.txt normally i might wait to install a new software upgrade , but i just got a new laptop and thought it would be best to use office 2007 with the new vista operating system . i was wrong . you would expect that a multi-billion dollar company like microsoft could put out a powerful and bug-free piece of software . but after a month of using office 2007 , you get the distinct impression that this software is not ready for public release . microsoft should be ashamed . i do n't know the root cause of my problems , but i have to stress that i am running a clean install of office 2007 on vista , so there should n't be any software conflicts or issues . so what are my issues ? the list is long : - - my biggest concern is that ms word constantly hangs and stalls . it can making editing a document very painful . i suspect the problem is when i put images or visio diagrams into a document . but that is something the old ms word was able to do without an issue . oddly , if i have a colleague open the document and save it out in word 2003 , the problem goes away ! what ? ! it 's killing my productivity . - - when ever i cut and paste from an old document , word hangs for 15 to 20 seconds . and often the formatting and margins in my new document go haywire . i keep having to spend a ton of time fixing things . this never happened in the old word . this is another time killer . - - every few days , outlook 2007 starts telling me that it cannot display my email folders . uh oh ! i have to completely restart my computer to see my email again . - - outlook 2007 breaks many graphic emails that people send - - they look like a mess . it is because outlook 2007 does not render html correctly since it uses the word engine , not internet explorer to display email . i have no idea why microsoft did this , but they have got to fix it . - - many of the issues in the old word 2003 still have n't been fixed . if you place an image , it can often be hard to get it to appear correctly . why ca n't they solve this one ? - - while most office programs have the new ribbon interface ( which i like ) , some programs like visio 2007 do not . so you have to remember how to use two interfaces . could n't microsoft find the time and money to update all its programs ? give me a break . - - on a few occassions in visio 2007 , my files have failed to save correctly . at first i thought this must have been my fault , but it 's happened to me a few times and ca n't be a coincidence . a few times i 've gotten an error message and lost my work . ug. - - word and excel 2007 use a completely new file format . so anyone you send a document to has to have 2007 installed ( which is n't likely the case ) . to get around this , you can save it down to a 2003 file format , but then you end up with two files on your hard drive - - one in the new format and one in the old format . what a pain ! also , there definitely seems to be an issue with office 2007 opening older office 2003 files . could be the cause of many of my problems , but there is no way i can avoid using old files . they should have worked harder on compatibility . there are good things about the new 2007. i do like the new interface design and the new features in outlook 2007 are amazing for organizing tasks and sharing your calendar . but i do n't think it 's fair that microsoft released a product so full of serious , serious bugs that have cost me hours and hours of extra work . i did n't spend hundreds of dollars on a beta product and do n't think the public should have to suffer . surely they can afford to do better ! new addition to my review : today i discovered that i can no longer paste excel charts into word like i used to . when i try , the chart goes in , but any bars / lines disappear .
dvd pos 811.txt i found this movie delightful- -from the storyline , directing and photography to the actors ! i especially loved the performances of timothy bottoms and chloris leachman ! it 's an enlightening movie that makes an important point : sometimes what we think we want is not really what we want at all
dvd pos 411.txt crackerjack courtroom trial drama based on a true story of three australian soldiers in the boer war accused of killing prisoners and a dutch minister . the british command is obviously using the three as scapegoats to convince the germans , who seem eager to join the war on the side of the boers , to stay out . the men claim they were only following orders , orders which went against " normal " military practice . this is a new type of warfare : the boers fought as guerrillas , not in uniform , not by " the rules . " the australians on trial felt they were engaging them on those terms . the morality of war itself , therefore , is just as much on trial as these men . they all lose in the end . the trial scenes are well paced , and the use of flashback creates just the right amount of tension . also there are enough shady gray areas to keep the proceedings interesting . well worth a watch
dvd pos 656.txt great movie for all ages . our family realy enjoyed this movie . highly recomend
books neg 467.txt i picked this up because it 's considered a classic and i knew it had been made into a movie . i tend to think that if a book is made into a movie , then the book must be pretty good . not so with howard 's end. the plot in howard 's end does n't progress much outside of an early death and later marraige . you have to have some interest in the characters , but they just were n't very believeable . none of characters convinced me that they could be people from the real world . i kept waiting for someone to say anything that might border on being interesting , but everyone babbles on and on about nothing of any substance . the story is clearly dated and does n't hold up well so many years later . living in today 's world , it 's hard to understand what attracted margaret to henry . there definately is an audience for this book . i 'm just not a part of it
books neg 226.txt flynn offers up a fast-paced , if unbelievable story . unfortunately , character development is paper thin and clearly portrays flynn 's political preferences . characters , like rapp , with a military background are guided by clearly defined ethical principles , have all the answers and are always showing those good-for-nothing politicians how the " real world " works . meanwhile , flynn 's politicians ( the majority of whom are democrats ) seem only concerned with public opinion and the next election . while there are grains of truth in his characters , flynn consistently goes for the cheap , partisan stereotype . i was looking for a well-developed political / military thriller . i 'm still looking .
music neg 218.txt i love his voice , but the arrangements are way too complex and stilted . there are about 12 key changes in every song . the melodies are buried so far beneath his reinterpretations that one can barely recognize the songs . i feel these affectations detract from the songs . while his vocal gymnastics are very impressive , the result just is n't enjoyable to listen to ( unless you are a voice student or professional singer )
camera pos 500.txt it is a great camera , very small and gives very good photos in most circumstances . grainy pic in dim light . go to the casio website to download the new firmware for 4gb sd card compatibility . you will get over 1500 high res photos with a 4 gb card , where outpost is selling for 5o dollars a car
software neg 190.txt this roxio software has caused me the most bizarre and frustrating experience ever . first , it does n't work . second , i cannot obtain any support from roxio to find out why . they wo n't give support until you register , the only way to register is to follow a web link that comes with the software , and it takes you to a website that either does n't exist , or is always down . thus , it turns out to be a complete waste of money , not to mention several hours of time . run , do n't walk away from this software and this company
dvd neg 425.txt spongebob 's house party hall moniter i had an accident valentine 's day just one bite mermaidman and barnacleboy tea at the treedome the paper born again krab
camera neg 628.txt not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for !
music pos 96.txt i recently saw them in san francisco just like one of the other reviewers , and i thought it was astonishing . i know a lot of people got mad cause they didnt move around or anything , i mean it could n't be because they were trying to concentrate or anything like that ! the great thing about this album is that all the instruments standout at the same time . farina ( the lead singer ) has calmed down after the last couple of albums and often times speaks his lyrics in a soft and heartfelt way that make you wish you could get into a conversation with him right then and there.and his guitar playing has even matures after the bed is in the ocean . the drummer just flat out rocks . his punctuality is a lot of the reason why these guys are so tight . the bass speaks just as well as the guitar does and sometimes takes over as the guitar holds it together and the bassist go off on his own little excursion . well , if you have a problem with a band not rocking out , i dont know what to tell you . it is jazzy , but let me be the one to tell you this is the best jazz i 've heard . i think this is the only path they could of taken . you got to evolve . sometimes that cant always be a good thing but in this case , karate is the exception . love this
camera pos 796.txt i have had this camera for about six months and i still find new features to play with . one of my favorite mode is the sequence shots . i love its sleek design and its durable shell . i carry the camera in my back pocket , even in my tightest jeans . this is a great camera
camera pos 116.txt it was everything it advertised as being . i can carry my digital camera and lenses as well as two point and shoot digital cameras . being a slingshot backpack , my back does n't moan and groan as it did with other camera bags . i like the feature of swinging the bag to the front and to get my cameras with out removing the backpack
dvd neg 203.txt i only gave this movie one star because it is against amazon 's rules to give it no stars . after hearing that this was a christian movie , i could not wait to watch it . however , this movie has nothing in common with christianity , quite the contrary , this is the most anti-christian movie that i have ever seen ; it promotes murder and other unsurpassable evil . the movie started out horribly and just continued to get worse . for instance , the beginning of the movie was shockingly pornographic . in a supposedly " christian " movie i did not expect to be bombarded with this . after seeing this i did not expect that the movie could possibly get worse . however , i was greatly mistaken . later in the movie the main character , who was remarkably unsympathetic , met several of her christian co-workers who were talking about something they called " the pearl dream . " intrigued , the main character asked them what this dream was . of course , they were unable to answer because it is complete nonsense . none the less , the main character continues to review what her co-workers have told her about christianity over the years . as the movie plods along , generally confusing and boring the viewer , she comes to the decision to give up her sinful lifestyle and turn to god . when this event transpired i assumed , wrongly , that from this point forward the film would redeem its beginning and maybe even say something good about christianity . this , however , is where the movie went form being merely bad to astoundingly sacrilegious . then , the main character and her young daughter set out for the desert . due to a vague dream , they believed that this was god 's will and that he would appear in the desert and take them to heaven , in other words " rapture " them . how they came to this assumption i was never quite sure . the movie often made ludicrous statements which never made the slightest amount of sense . i became extremely weary trying to deduce what was happening . nothing that took place in this movie was remotely biblical nor was it well explained . as time passed our characters continued to sit in the desert , boring the viewer to tears . they begin to suspect that god was not coming to gather them to heaven and they started to despair . this is where the movie became intolerably anti-christian ; the mother took her daughter up to a mountain and asked her to kneel . she then forced her daughter to pray . after the prayer was concluded she took a gun from her dress and shot her crying daughter , supposedly to send her to heaven . she " believes " that she is doing god 's will . obviously , she was such an idiot that she failed to read that the bible that strictly forbids murder . afterwards , she is sent to prison , where we hope to see her suffer for her cruel , viscous , and insurmountably stupid act . as she is sitting in her cell , blaming god for the murder of her daughter , that she willingly committed ( if she had half a brain cell she would have realized that she was doing satan 's will , not god 's ) , she hears trumpets and the cell walls start to fall in . a few scenes pass , in which the ghost of her daughter returns and tries to redeem her faith . she , however , refuses . then , she is taken to a dark room , that the viewer is supposed to believe is some supernatural place where judgment takes place , and asks if she loves god . she replies no , because she blames him for her insanity . the film concludes with her standing stupidly in a dark room , that failed to represent eternity . most of the aspects included in the film were never explained . such as the significance of " the pearl dream . " nor was it explained why they believed that they needed to wait in the desert . how did they contrive this ridiculous idea from a vague , ambiguous , and utterly vapid dream anyway ? none of these questions were ever answered . this caused the film to feel incomplete . the stories between scenes shifted so drastically that i suspected i had missed several important scenes . after checking my dvd i realized that i had not accidentally skipped crucial scenes , because their were none . this film was deliberately ambiguous and vapid . also , the special effects , cinematography , and acting were about as good as a preschool play . none of the actors put any emotion into their roles . they recited their lines like drugged zombies ; i suppose even they realized it was complete rubbish and decided not to put much effort into it . to state the obvious , this film is a disgrace ! obviously , it is not biblically based . it does not represent christian philosophy which is to love others , not to wander around aimlessly in the desert acting like a fool . nor do christians promote murder , as this film implied . this movie has as much religious value as night of the blind nazi zombies . i am ashamed to see that such a complete travesty is labeled a christian film . this film is extremely anti-christian ; its main objective is to give the world the false impression that fundamentalist christians are brainwashed and are incapable of sane thoughts . this is not true , and yes , i can prove it . all the proof that you need is contained in the bible . if you stop hardening your heart and truly listen with an open mind then you cannot help but to see jesus loving message for the world . he does not desire to bring misery to the world , but happiness and love . the reason that there is misery in the world is because people , like those who made this film , disobey god . if we followed his loving rules then we would not suffer . i do not write this rather long review out of hatred , as i am sure many will accuse me of . i write this to warn people what this movie is really about . it is not a true christian movie like the left behind 's and the passion of the christ . and , yes i am aware that i will be bombarded by a slough of negative votes . however , i do not even faintly care . my beliefs , as a fundamentalist christian and my love of god is more important to me than a number on a page . also , i was shocked to read the other reviews on this forum , especially the one from the wiccan woman who said that she wished to see christians thrown to the lions as they were in the time of the romans . i have seen a lot of hatred in my life but her review was by far the worst i have ever see . christians love the world and those in it , we do not tell non-christians about christ to imply that we are " holier than thou " because we are not . all are equal under god 's eyes . we are all sinners and the only way to attain redemption is to accept god 's undeserved grace . we tell other people about god 's undeserved love because we want to save them and see them living in eternal joy in heaven . we do not rejoice to see people unsaved , we tell them about their condition because we want to see them saved . in other words , we tell people because we love them . also , for those of you who accuse christians of having a hatred of the world , why do you spew hatred in everything you say toward christians ? are n't you displaying the hatred that you claim you abhor ? in conclusion , this is the worst movie ever made . it is anti-christian , immensely sacrilegious , poorly acted , poorly written , vapid , mind numbingly dull , disjointed , tortuously long , etc. in short , this film is an abomination . it is massively offensive to christians and is a massive misrepresentation of christian values . also , the acting is abysmal and the story line hopelessly confusing . if you wish to watch a film that accurately portrays christian values then i recommend watch " the passion of the christ " or the left behind movies . i hope that this review will help you ; it was written with love and concern . i shall keep you in my prayers . have a wonderful new year . in christ , ravenova also recommended : the left behind and the ravenloft book series
software neg 8.txt imagine that you know so little about a computer that you would n't even be here reading this review . these discs are for your grandmother who still has the corded , dial , yellow wall phone . if you are a recent ( one hour ago ) immigrant from a sixth world country , and you need to forward the " burger king christmas song " , well , then you 're already ahead of these " learning " cds . ( my apologies to grandmothers with corded , dial , yellow wall phones ) . ( actually , i kinda wish i had one ! ) regards , older but no smarter
dvd neg 681.txt i really like bruce campbell and his movies like army of darkness . but this movie is not in the same league . first of all the plot is slow and boring . bruce does not have the same rouge character that he is so good at . instead the movie is filled with frankly depressing scenes of him in bed or limping around barely able to move . this really hampers the action aspects of the movie . the dialogue aspect is not much better . if you like bruce , my advise is to get his other movies or try to get a hold of the tv episodes of " jack of all trades " episodes . it is a lot more fun and has the " real " bruce
music neg 228.txt just listening to the samples of this new remix of " gold:35th anniversary edition ~ the carpenters " i found it to be in my opinion sadly remixed very badly . certainly not a tribute to the excellent talent of karen carpenter and richard as well . i wonder what richard was thinking when he remixed these songs ? as another review noticed and i agree with , is the bass on some is so loud it almost drowns out the pure excellence of karen 's deep resounding truly perfect voice . this is not a cd you want to get if you really want to appreciate the true pure sound of the carpenters . the older cds ( if still in production or if you can find them used ) " carpenters classics 25th anniversary " a 2 cd disc 98:04 minute collection remastered digitally , is a much better pick . especially for those who remember the carpenters when karen was still alive and the original arrangements were nothing to mess with . the other cd 's worth finding of the carpendters especially if you like the talent of karen 's deep resounding perfect voice , would be the cd " voice of the heart " this is a hautingly beautiful collection of love songs by karen who lets each song touch your heart and soul making you feel as if you were right there as she sings each song . the other one i would highly recommend , if christmas is your holiday , would be " carpenters christmas portrait " ... " special edition digital version....celebrating 70 continuious minutes of the seasons best.. . " with karen and richard . there are 34 carpenters songs as timeless as their sound , and 11 performances heard on this holiday cd for the first time . these cds are all the songs you fell in love with the first time you heard karen sing . these are the arrangements so beautifully done with her and richard . this new remix maybe ok if you have not been familiar with how wonderful the original songs the carpenter 's recorded and later remastered-not remixed - sounded . for this reason i give this 35th anniversary remix a 2 star rating . these older cds are how the carpenders really won over their fans , took the music industry by storm and gave a generation of music lovers reason to love the carpenders music and the sound they gave each song . talent that can still win over anyone who truly appreciates the timeless talents only the carpenters could deliver . as i more or less said in my title for this review and taken from an old saying " if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ! " or in this case do n't remix it !
camera pos 941.txt i received this product in a timely manner . it was exactly what i needed . thank you
books pos 276.txt i have only read the swedish translation of what i suppose is the " old edition " , but judging by " look inside this book " , this new english-language edition incorporates much material from the old . incidentally , the swedish edition gives the authors name as kallistos ware , apparently his taken orthodox name , while timothy ware is his original , given name . in sweden , the swedish translation of " the orthodox church " is the only readily available book on the history of the orthodox church . apparently , its used informally as a textbook in some college classes on church history . it also contains chapters on theology and worship . in my opinion , the book is a necessary introduction for those interested in orthodox church history . its first chapters summarize the history of this church during the byzantine empire , under islam , and in russia both before and during communism . of particular interest is the authors interpretation of the catholic-orthodox split , usually dated to 1054. the author believes that the so-called fourth crusade in 1204 was the real and final consummation of this split . however , the book must also be read with some reservations . the author is , after all , an orthodox christian himself . its safe to assume that there is a certain bias here and there . for instance , ware denies that the byzantine church was caesaropapist , a very untenable suggestion . at other times , he is surprisingly " liberal " for an orthodox . for instance , he paints mehmet fatih , the muslim conqueror of constantinople , as a very tolerant ruler . i also wonder about his interpretation of the church father cyprian . even so , " the orthodox church " remains an indepensable book for those looking for a short and concise historical over-view of this remarkable christian church .
music neg 422.txt i heard stories about michelle branch before trying out her music . and i was electrified to find out that there is still a young , honest and rock-ish female artist out there working her way up . first off all , i 'd like to say i wish to remain objective to all other listeners ' opinion , so yup...criticism is welcomed . i 'd like to let people know what kind of a viewer is writing this particular review too . basically , my main influences are bon jovi , the goo goo dolls and elo . i 'm a 17-year-old male . hotel paper is one big step for michelle . she evidentally matured her music between " spirit room " and this . michelle is pretty much at the state where she ca n't really make big steps on her own . and that 's why i think her authorities are limiting her potentials by pushing her to mainstream . like the fact that she wrote so many catchy , boring and good-to-sell singles that wo n't last and are only appealing to listerners on the shallow side . although some of her songs made me perfectly convinced that she can write decent music . ( tuesday morning , drop in the ocean , hotel paper ) some peeps are saying how michelle is n't quite a super songwriter nor a guitarist . i agree . imo , many of her riffs are boring and unoriginal . even a noob guitarist like me could tell . but afterall , it 's pop , so that 's inevitable . but she could do much much better than that . her lyrics are ok since she does n't write no emo nor punk junk , but a lot of complaining and childish relationships . most are ok though . what i 'm saying is , she most definetly has her own style...but sadly , it 's surpressed at an extent where it 's irritating and makes me feel like killing those studio dudes that are spending way too much time laying their hands on michelle 's music . nevertheless , just because michelle is young and writes her own songs and plays the " guitar " , does n't mean you gotta try her music out . but sadly , that 's exactly how a lot of people out there got attracted . i believe it 's more about how you like the music . i ca n't stress the fact that michelle is a musician with great potential and future . but to me , it seems like she 's throwing those away for popularity . one good example is , as prolly you 've already heard...the posing for a men 's magazine named m- -- -. whatever she was thinking , it really crushed my impressions on michelle...the cute musical lady she used to be....and the terrible decision of forming a pseudo-country rock band with her friend . michelle is talented and hella good compared to the other you-know-who female artists , but let 's get real here...she has a long way to go . she most certainly is capable of going far and i really do hope one day i 'll be listening to her matured and true music . afterall , imo , it 's only the matter of time before she surpasses amanda marshall on my list . i really hope michelle could get out of this situation and unchain from this game the studio peeps are playing on her and make every song and every note the way she always wants to . " tuesday morning " 3.5 / 5 " hotel paper " 4 / 5 the rest are just mediocre
books neg 92.txt old fan as i am , this one ( and quite a few of the later ones ) was a huge disappointment . badly written , obvious plot , even more cartoonish characters than usual . time for cussler to retire methinks... .
camera pos 727.txt i got a pair of these for christmas . initially , i was skeptical about the quality of an inexpensive roof-prism optic , and this is n't my favorite brand name either . but contrary to my expectations , i 've been extremely impressed with them so far . good brightness , contrast , sharpness , field of view , and close focus all exceeded my expectations for a binocular at this price point . feel , fit and finish are all very good . i wear eyeglasses , and these binoculars still deliver a nice wide view through the eyepiece . the twist-down eyecups are quick to extend / retract if you are sharing these with someone who does n't wear glasses . they come with a decent carry case , and relative to porro-prism types , the weight and compactness are both a little bit better . if you are looking for a good binocular for birding or general use , i highly recommend you take a look through these in addition to the other popular models . i think these really hit the sweet spot for price / size / weight / performance , and i 'm very happy with them
music neg 672.txt i do not see how reviewers can rate this guy 5 stars . his voice is so mediocre that i am suprised he manages to sell many cd 's at all . i would n't waste my hard earned cash on this guy . stick with sinatra and get the best . if not , and you want someone who can sing sinatra style , then i would recommend you listen to the young canadian , michael buble . in my opinion michael buble is a much better singer that tyrell . he can swing and do justice to that genre of music
health pos 353.txt i ordered one of these for my girlfriend and she loves it . friends and family have tried it and are thrilled . this product will make holiday shopping easy for several women on my list
dvd pos 665.txt timeless classic movie . 2 of the songs are frequently re-done by various artist
books pos 107.txt if you have n't read this book , i would make it top prority ! this book is fantastic ! there hasnt been anything close to it yet . she is an outstanding writer and produces wonderful stories ! better grab a tissue , its a tear-jerker
software pos 145.txt this program is fantastic . it 's super easy to use and has a calendar that will notify you of upcoming events / holidays / etc. there are loads of pre-made cards to choose from or you can edit them to your needs . you can also make your own card without any help . the same thing for envelopes ! there are also quite a few additional projects included . you can create your own stationary sets ( paper and envelopes ) , awards and certificates , kid 's activity pages and more . i highly recommend this program if you 're a beginner card maker . i mostly bought this ( i was a beginner ) to save money on cards and in the 2 months i 've had this program , it has more than paid for itself . it 's much more convenient than going to the store , way cheaper and i really like being able to make matching envelopes .
dvd pos 628.txt the essence of painter francis bacon is not a personal life lived on the sordid side but how he was forced to take in life . seen through his central nervous system and eyes , we experience his world of fragments , like collage pieces of existence . the only place he could make those fragments whole was in a painting . otherwise , he was wholly inable to put a fully realized human being , himself , together . tellingly , one of his best friends comments that he has done a superb one-on-one job with his lover george in his paintings of george . however , he has been unable to do that in his actual life lived with george ! that sums up bacon , his art and his life , in a nutshell . bacon is not a person you will like but you will understand him and how the fragments of his existence made for great art . yet he is also the most alone person imaginable , something no amount of lovers and sordid excess could allay . one of the very best films about an artist ever made . you do n't need to see the actual finished paintings since it is the fragments he used to build his paintings in his head that matter here . if you want to see his paintings , you should be able to find page after page of them online in about a minute , or less , using any visual search engine
dvd neg 644.txt so i finally rented this tripe as i was curious . gee , making fun of former soviet block nations / people and rednecks. . now there 's some seriously funny stuff..not ! what 's next ? a cutting edge comedy on the rap culture ? ..oops , he already did this with the ali g show . gross out potty humour , now that 's inventive and we 've never seen that before ! i also like the lame-o attempt to show how americans are all anti semitic by putting words into the mouths of those trying to sell him something . these are your imagined demons / foes sacha and overall your film is pretty boring and about as fresh as a yakov smirnoff comedy bit
camera pos 896.txt i dropped the camera from 2 feet and the metal outer rim of the lens slightly became bent and wo n't close . after some time spent tring to bend the metal back in place , i finally was able to close the lens . besides that , it is an awesome camera . i am able to pick out a color ( ex. red ) and take a picture with that color standing out and everything else black and white . no photoshop needed
books neg 734.txt i too read the ta for tots to my 3-5 year-old 30 years ago . she loved it a lot so i 've been looking for it again , this time for my grand-daughter . even though the title is different from the original one i knew , i purchased it and read it as soon as i received it . bottomline : this story is _not_ the original one and i do n't like it at all . other than showing stereotypical happy prince and princess fairy tale characters ( which i can live with up to a point ) , i saw bunches of red flags when i got to the evil witch , drawn with a full-blown ugly face " who was very clever and devised a very wicked plan " . unhappy because there are so many happy warm-fuzzy people around she freely starts giving away cold pricklies . without enough warm fuzzies ( we read earlier ) it puts people " in danger of developing a sickness in their backs which caused them to shrivel up and die " . ouch . so instead of embracing the wisdom of old women , here we have another story that villifies them ( ok , i 'm a psychotherapist also and know all too well how these images affect us all ) . no , it 's not funny , and there is no way i would introduce this book to any child . the book also does not do a good job of showing clear examples of what warm fuzzies and cold pricklies really are , as the original book did . too bad , for using images of " warm fuzzies " and " cold pricklies " is an easy way to introduce feelings and consequences of behaviors to young children . i am returning the book .
camera neg 788.txt i had high expectations when purchasing a laser range finder for use on the golf course . after a lot of research , i settled on the pro tour laser . as previous reviewers have stated , this unit is very hard to stabilize . i have a feeling this is true of all lasers . even with supporting both elbows on the hood of a car i found this unit very hard to find yardages for objects beyond 150 yards paricularly when bright sunlight is present . on the golf course , finding the flag and obtaining a yardage at longer yardages is almost impossible if there are objects behind the flag such as trees or landscaping . this unit has been returned and i have gone to a standard handheld gps instead . once the center of the green is initially saved as a waypoint , this is a very reliable and quick method to get a yardage , you just have to convert feet or 1 / 100 's of a mile into yards . i do this with a chart taped on the back of the gps . accuracy is about 2-4 yards which is good enough for anyone but a vey low handicapper . i am staying away from a laser finder until golf courses uniformly put reflectors on their poles .
music neg 880.txt this is humor ? when does the humor begin ? is it close to the end cause i reckon that this ai n't funny . maybe the fans of this guy can go home and beat there spouses with banjos and leave the rest of us alone , i reckin
music pos 635.txt a friend of mine at work just recently introduced me to the music of chris rea via this very nice best of comp . he also recommended getting his road to hell cd . both of these cd 's were money well spent . i 'm surprised that this artist flew by my radar screen in the 80 's when he was at the peak of his songwriting and popularity , mainly due to his top 20 hit " fool ( if you think it 's over ) " . for some reason i never equated that song with this artist . the thing i like most about rea is his musical diversity . he can lay down a very memorable am pop hit like " fool " or " let 's dance " and then turn around and make a great blues rock album like " road to hell " . no matter what the genre of music , this artist is very good at laying down a nice groove . there 's plenty of catchy tunes to be found throughout this cd . " auberge " and especially the wonderful " on the beach " stuck out for me . but you get many styles here . and each song sets a different mood . from the easy listening " winter song " or the catchy " looking for summer " . or some excellent blues rock like " road to hell " , " god 's great banana skin " or the excellent instrumental hidden track at the end of the cd that shows off rea 's tasty slide guitar skills . i do n't know how i missed this artist after all of these years . but i 'm a new rea fan who now looks forward to his next album . whatever style that it might be , i 'm betting it will have some versatile playing and some very well composed melodies like this superb best of. this is a nice place to start listening to this fine artist . if your like me , after hearing this cd you 'll probably want to search out some of his individual albums . i 've since picked up his late 80 's album " dancing with strangers " . another very nice cd . most of the music on this best of cd is almost 20 years old , but it feels like it could have been written today . in other words it 's well composed music that holds up very well over time . and i 'm sure if your like me and not familiar with rea 's music , the minute you hear " fool " or " on the beach " it 's going to bring the good part of the 80 's back to you . greatest hits cd 's should all be this good . highly recommended
music neg 305.txt a friend of mine turned me on to spoon , and at first i listened enthusicatically.. . but then i got bored . although spoon 's songs may be catchy at times , they are empty and deviod of any alterations . the same simple drum beat mixed with the same simple guitar riff may be appealing for a minute or so , but in the end i do n't think i 've ever listened to an entire track . if this is 5 star music today , our culture is severely lacking depth
health neg 741.txt i bought this product and the only thing i really gained from it was acne , plus my body actually seemed to get flabby . once i got off it the acne was gone and my torso looked nicer and more cut . would not recommend this to anyone
camera neg 262.txt hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! !
music pos 60.txt attell is one of the few decent comics out there right now . i was n't that big of a fan until i saw this in a record store and decided to give it a shot . i 'm running out of comedy albums , there 's not that many good ones out there . so i bought it and i was impressed . the audience is obviously drunken college kids who were very familiar with the show " insomniac " . they would laugh and scream if just slammed the microphone into his forehead the whole night . he has very good timing and delivery though and his jokes have very unpredictable punchlines for the first time you are hearing them . you never see the punchline coming a mile away . he is vulgar so if you are sensitive in any way to graphic sexual scenarios and profanity , stay away . he is one of the few that i enjoy now , tragically mitch hedberg died in march because he was another . the increasingly popular dane cook does n't do it for me . cook 's retaliation cd has broken all sorts of records for a comedy album . i think cook is very marketable to the college , 20something crowd , guys like him because he 's the loud obnoxious drinking buddy from the frat , chicks think he 's cute . i recommomend attell myself , he is vulgar but is just a better comedian
dvd pos 96.txt one of the best-directed films of 2006 , " kiss kiss bang bang " is built for multiple viewings and perhaps for cult audiences . and even though " kiss kiss bang bang " may require multiple viewings just to catch all of the rapid-fire dialogue , or to untangle the plot , one of the best reasons for multiple viewings is to admire the directorial skill : it 's a class-a tutorial for amateur filmmakers or simply armchair film-buffs who will appreciate the highwire juggling act that shane black pulls off here , with " kkbb " ' s sudden shifts of tone from slapstick to dead-serious drama to gallows-comedy . if that seems like an easy feat , well.. . remember " 1941 " ? not even spielberg got it right . but shane black nails it here - - and it 's his directorial debut . downey & kilmer are also at the top of their game here , but it 's michelle monaghan who impresses with a flat-out great performance that keeps up with the veterans . " sui generis " ( one-of-a-kind ) is the phrase that best describes " kiss kiss bang bang , " although it 's remarkably mainstream at times . it 's a showcase of talents for everyone involved , and when the bullets are n't flying , there 's even a romantic comedy here & social commentary to boot . i ca n't think of any other film quite like it - - and that 's just how the warner brothers tradition seems to work ( at its best ) .
music pos 439.txt i 've always been a terri clark fan but this is the first cd i 've purchased by her . i was surprised at how much i really enjoyed this cd ! terri has an amazing voice and the songs kept me listening to the cd over and over again
software neg 312.txt my last roxio product was " easy cd creator 5. " when i switched to a mac i naturally expected " toast " to be the mac version of this product . i am extremely disappointed to find that the crippled video editing features in my ( many years old ) version of cd creator is miles ahead of what they include with the most current and up to date version of " toast " which i unfortunately own . it allowed me to edit video clips , create several levels of customizable menus , customize the size of compression , and burn to a dvd which played on my standard dvd player . toast can create one uncustomizable menu level , has no editing , and locks up every time you drag a file into it . they ( in the product description ) say it reads mpegs but it 's more like it freezes every time it sees an mpeg . it does n't even read every mpeg reliably . the only thing i can find that roxio adds to toast that is n't in my old version of cd creator is more enhanced mp3 and music features ( which is n't what i bought it for ) . i may have been better off using " parallels " in combination with cd creator . i am sorry but compared to roxio 's cd creator ( which is basically the same price ) , toast seems to have been designed by total idiots . and i always thought that mac software was better for working with multimedia
dvd pos 43.txt i actually did n't mind kiss the girls because of morgan freeman . he saved the day in that movie . plus , i 'm always intrigued by serial killers and weird psychos . that always peaks my interest . but ashley judd 's performance was just terrible in that ( not that i think she 's very good in anything i 've seen but whatever ) . that 's why i was delighted to find another thriller along those lines with morgan freeman , still playing alex cross , but thankfully without ashely judd ( a better name for her would be ashely dudd but that 's my opinion ) . along came a spider was not only an interesting storyline , it was also very well acted . there 's some twists of course which i wo n't spoil , but one i did see coming and the other blindsided me . all in all very enjoyable , especially for the low price i found this at . the little girl who is kidnapped in this , played by mika boorem , is terrific . it was kind of neat seeing her in this as i had just watched the movie sleepover recently ( also reviewed it...cute little movie...check it out ) where she 's more grown up . hopefully we 'll be seeing more things with her . anyway , i found this engrossing enough and most times you ca n't go wrong with morgan freeman ( except if ashely judd is in a scene with him , but that 's not his fault ) as he 's an exceptional actor . obsessed with serial killers , psychos and the like , just as i am ? then you will have a good time getting tangled up in the web of along came a spider
books pos 502.txt after reading many so so books on training for triathlons this book spoke to me . being a beta type personality i loved the macro , kicked back approach he took to training . it was just what i 'd been looking for . keeping it fun . thanks , bra
camera pos 435.txt excellent clarity even on cloudy days . i have had others that cost 4 times the price and would not match the quality of these . comes complete with with case , caps and neck strap
health neg 833.txt i purchased this orange humidifer and promptly returned it . i already have the penguin which is also by this company...and that one worked perfectly . i do n't know if it is because of the design...but this one shuts off after about ten minutes of running . you have to constantly shake it to get it going again . obviously a manufacturer error . i must say it is completely adorable and asthetically a complete pleasure to look at . my kids wanted me to keep it because it was that cute . but , it just did n't work
software neg 362.txt i have many ( too many ) rosetta stone softwares for language learning , however after purchasing " tell me more " software i will never go back to rosetta stone . it is true that you can learn a lot of vocabulary with rosetta 's program but that is about it ! rosetta 's software is very illogical ! honestly , do not waste your time and money with this program , check tell me more and you will be amazed
software neg 441.txt unlike years past , h&r block ( founded by a guy named bloch ) decided to charge $16 for each e-file , federal or state . only one version , " premium federal+state+e-file " includes a " free " federal e-file and state e-file ; but that version costs $70 , so there 's no free lunch at all . seriously , $16 is a lot to pay for e-filing . there are websites that give you completely free e-filing ; my favorite is taxact ( at taxactonline dot com ) . with taxact , you get the complete federal plus state package for $7.95 , which includes e-filing . or you can use their standard package to prepare federal and e-file for free , with *no* income restriction ! i do n't work for any of these companies , nor any tax-related company , nor any such entity . i just do n't think it 's right for h&r block to charge customers such a ridiculously high fee for e-filing , whereas people can e-file for free elsewhere . btw , if you use taxcut to prepare your return , you 'll have to use h&r block 's e-filing service if you want to e-file ; you ca n't just take your file to another website and expect that website to do it for you . i used taxact in the past and they are very dependable . you can find reviews of taxact products in major magazines and on major websites . good luck
health pos 166.txt this is the best and easiest to use back brush ! i have trouble reaching my back and washclothes just did n't do it but with this brush no more missed spots . just hang it up and it dries and is ready for the next time . never felt so clean
software pos 724.txt 4 different methods to learn the language , i am able to do 2 lessons an evening one to repeat and one new . the only thing you have to do is sit in fron of the computer . just listen and look and the key words will pop out at you and you just can not help but to learn the new language . very user friendly
health pos 995.txt you know right away your teeth feel different , much like how they feel after a dentist cleaning . the dual action ( larger ) head is gentler and feels more like a normal toothbrush but it certainly is n't as aggressive as the smaller one in it 's ability to clean . if you can handle the smaller heads they certainly do a better job . the flossing attachment was also very effective
camera neg 742.txt in my opinion this is not a marketable product . the cameras features are irrelevant if it does not work . there is clearly a design fault and the product should be withdrawn from sale until there is a fix . when it did work it was a convenient pocketable unit . as for hd - possibly at high noon in the sahara , but in anything but perfect light the results are dissappointing .
camera pos 180.txt i will not repeat what other reviews have stated already , all the reviews below are pretty much correct with this camera being a high quality and easy to use etc etc. the only issue is focusing on a small target such as a name brand logo inside a rolex watch . it is hard even in manual mode ( and i actually have alot of digital camera experience ) . forget trying to focus in auto mode , it wo n't happen. . at least not without alot of tinkering and stress . if you need to take alot of close up pictures of small detailed items ( jewelery , insects , etc. ) then i recommend buying a digital slr camera , nikon d50 is a good one ! this fuji you are looking at here is perfect for taking pictures of normal things like people , cars , buildings , sites , etc
dvd pos 861.txt i 've seen it about 20 times now . it does n't get old . the faces , the moves and the lines of matthew perry are always fresh . my husband likes selma , a lot , so it 's a win win for both of us . they are great together . good stuff
software pos 571.txt i have not used this product for very long , and was somewhat reluctant to purchase another brand besides adobe who seem to dominate in this softward category , but i have , so far , been plaesantly surprised with the performance & features . the scansoft pdf converter pro 4 software seems to do all adobe can do ( and a little more ) , at a fraction of the exhorbitant cost of adobe pro 8 ! . i 'm happy with my purchase thus far !
camera pos 982.txt i ordered this hoping that it would fit my camera and accessories and it did . i have a stylus 750 plus a pop up screen shade , an extra battery , and an extra picture card . there are two slots specifically designed to fit two picture cards on the inside cover . in the main compartment , a small slit will fit an extra battery or two plus a creit card and perhaps a bit of paper money . ( it wo n't fit much more than that , though . ) it 's compact , stylish and functional- -i 'm glad i bought it
books neg 766.txt this book is the worst book ever . i did n't know there could possibly be a book this bad . if you are required to read this book like me , i feel bad for you . do not read this book for pleasure because it is not a pleasant book . it is painful to read . if you are still thinking of reading this bad book , do n't read it ! ! take my advice .
health pos 112.txt i was very suprised at how small the units were ( i ordered 2 ) . but they work great and run very quietly . the filter is very easy to change . i have one downstairs in the living room and one upstairs that i switch from bedroom to bedroom and the units work well in that amount of space . i would recommend this product to anyone looking for value for their money
software neg 51.txt i bought this product after reading the other on-line reviews saying how easy it was to use . i am someone who works with computers daily and this was anything but easy ! it was hard to understand and getting someone from their help desk to assist was a joke ! i would n't recommend this product to anyone unless you 're a professional architect / computer genius
music pos 336.txt the sounds were very convincing , i actually felt like i was there even my daughter thought it was really storming outside since i have a subwoofer and was able to control the thunder intensity ( all this was at night ) the only thing missing was the strobe light to add to the lightnig effect . it does relax you and allows you to destress . there are other types of stress management cd 's out there but if you like the outdoors and your'e not able to get away then this is what may work for you . johnny lina
software pos 335.txt i liked the older version better , i hope to get use to the new version
books pos 730.txt wonderful writing style , not hard to understand explains most catholic beliefs and is a bullseye buy
camera neg 203.txt there 's little more to say....great item , almost a " must have " , but forty bucks for a half ounce of plastic is absolutely criminal
camera neg 187.txt i bought this camera on the recommendation of a store technician over another hp digital . the camera has spent as much time in the repair shop as it has being used . the delay between pictures is incredibly long . the lens / shutter does n't open properly . ( two other family members who own powershot a520 's are having the same problems
dvd pos 841.txt i would recommend this mel brooks movie if you 're in the mood to see slapstick comedy with many popular comedic faces . you 'll come away repeating some of the catch phrases and dialog . i first saw it when it came out and still laugh when i see it . mel brooks is a genius
books pos 854.txt there are many gorgeous photos of both the insides and outsides of public and personal spaces . i was actually surprised at the number of homes we get a peek into . if you enjoy interior design , of just about any style , you will find it here . i love all the personal libraries shown , crammed with books and interesting objects . loved the mannequins , esp the life-sized guy sitting on the couch . i am a fan of exotic , eclectic decorating and found many examples to keep me happy with the book
music pos 247.txt i ca n't say with the words must listen !
dvd pos 90.txt when once and again first began i dismissed it as a show for just women . but after watching just one episode i found myself hooked . this was unlike any show i had seen before . i actually found myself drawn into the lives of these two families . once and again is not just a show about two divorced people who find each other and start to fall in love . it goes much deeper than that . once and again follows the lives of two divorced people and the lives of their children as well . but then it goes a step further and it follows the lives of their ex spouses as well . with the first season we see how the relationship begins to develop between lily ( sela ward ) and rick ( billy campbell ) and how their ex 's still play a factor in their love lives and how their blossoming relationship has an effect on their children . once and again was one of the finest dramas on television and if given the respect it deserved could still be growing strong today . even thought it 's time on television was short once and again showcased the acting talents of sela ward and billy campbell and launched the careers of shane west and evan rachel wood . i am just glad that we are able to enjoy this fine show on dvd and that they have finally decided to release seasons 2 and 3
camera neg 765.txt the case looks exactly as in the pictures above , and the camera fits perfectly in it . however , the case is hardly a protection , it 's not to be considered as more than a carrying bag . the velcro that keeps it closed is quite easy to open so i 've dropped the case a few times while walking outdoors . fortunately the case is designed to use the straps on the camera for carrying it around , so my camera stays with me in any event . there is a little strap on the case , supposedly to attach the case to the camera or to the straps , but it opens too easily , so it ca n't be trusted at all ( the strap almost opens by the very weight of the case , which is not much ) . there is also a small pocket in the back , providing barely room enough for a set of replacement batteries ( 4 aa batteries ) and the usb cable . again , the velcro on it is too easy to open , even more after placing the batteries and the cable inside the pocket . definitely , this is not designed as a practical solution . just enough to protect the camera from dust and some scratches . if you value your equipment and want to protect it from more than the wind and the sun , while not being worried of losing the case around -or its contents , do n't buy this one . spend some more money and get a decent carrying case . i will
dvd neg 111.txt my major gripe about this film comes down to the issue of easily exploitable weaknesses on the part of the vampires . these extremely frail villains get reduced to ash with the flash of a u-v lamp , vaporized with the slightest touch of silver on their skin , and melted down in less than a second by the light of the sun . vampires are supposed to be scary , but how frightened of them should i be if one can be taken out by throwing a clove of garlic at him . writers for future vampire movies should work on making these creatures of the night a bit more formidable . the first underworld movie would be a good model .
health pos 535.txt replacement blades are a must . the razor will remind you about once a year which is fine in most cases . but , if you have a heavy beard or shave more than once a day , as i do , then you should replace the blades every 8 months or so . the reminder on the razor is only a suggestion , not a command . after all , it does not know when the blades get dull . so , i simply ignore the reminder and replace the blades when i feel it is necessary . one thing you must do is use the new blades for several days until they settle in and adjust to your skin . until then you may have a little irritation . another problem i have solved is the hair on my neck . i use to think the harder i press the razor , the better it would get those stray hairs . but , all i got was a rash . i discovered that if i simply use a very light touch and not press hard then it got those hairs much better and with no redness . replace your blades at least once a year and your face with thank you
books neg 235.txt this is a complex and detailed history chiefly of cuban exiles in south florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various u.s. administrations . in that sense , it is the story of two cities - miami and washington - and two peoples - americans and cubans . i have an objection , though , with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously , even gorgeously at times , written . didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and , worse , the result is a cold , humorless , colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup . the author , in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose , apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers . it is , in that sense , a boring little disaster of a book .
health neg 942.txt maybe it 's just my bad luck , but i ordered this item and it came out with the expired battery . i called amazon , and they sent me a replacement quickly . the thing is that the replacement was in exactly the same *not working* condition . the same problem with the battery . i was suggested to shop somewhere else for this item , as amazon vendor do n't check the condition of the items before they ship them to customers . be aware ! do n't waste your time
health neg 988.txt i loved ths retractable cord hair dryer when i first bought it about a year ago . now it 's starting to stop running . it appears to be a short in the power cord in the inclosed casing . when i 'm using it...it works then it stops , then i shake it and then it starts to work again , sometimes . my last hair dryer lasted over 20 years . they just do n't make products like they use to . for this price i should n't expect much . i guess you really do get what you pay for ! this hair dryer is perfect to take on an airline . if it 's not allowed on the plane and they throw it out , ......who cares
books neg 489.txt i did not like the book adam of the road because it tells you a whole bunch of stuff about the characters before it gets to the story and by the time you get to the story you forget about the characters . i also did not like the fact that the book talks weird and it says like thou father i shall bla bla bla
books neg 385.txt not to be disrespectful but are you people for real ? i ca n't believe this book is getting 4 and 5 stars . there was nothing good about this book . a bunch of people in the book did not even matter , bill kendall 's wife , the new anchor man pete whatever his last name was , the boss yelena , eliza 's boyfriend , the priest , even the soon-to-be-president and his wife , i mean what 's the point in even mentioning them ? they were not involved in the main events . she did n't even talk about what happened to them at the end . the judge is the only one that matters , and she did n't even write about him all that much . really disappointing . as i said i do n't mean to be disrespectful , but to give this book 5stars , you must have read either bedtime stories all your life , or not have read anything . don " t waste your money that 's all i have to say . sorr
software pos 716.txt very easy to follow - especially if you 've used quicken in the past . reports are set up just a little bit different - total at top of category instead of bottom , so you need to get accustomed to that ; overall great produc
music neg 842.txt i 'm going to the trouble of writing this review to warn you : this cd is not like the other putumayo cds . no , it is not fun , hip , relaxing , good to dance to , or stimulating . it is a selection of hackneyed sinatra-style slop sung by a variety of leery-sounding men with fake deep voices . i have this rule for music : if it makes me think of animated dogs kissing over pasta , it sucks . consider yourself warned . if you like good music , try french cafe instead
dvd pos 720.txt how good is angelina jolie in this film ? it is a testament to this young actor 's presence that even as dark and soul sickened and gloriously decaying as her character is , there is not a frame in this film that does n't feel her infection . winona rider is equally excellent as the psychologically confused ( or is it enlightened ? ) hero forced to navigate the depths of her own psyche . the interplay between these two is somehow able to range from the enchanting to the exquisitely painful ; but from beginning to end remains capable of leaving you breathless . one look into angelina jolie 's eyes and you will see the warm , jaundiced decay of a soul no longer battling with sanity . fear is born of those eyes when you realize how strongly they 've tempted your own tired efforts...even as the second look delves closer to a bleakness bearing fruition beyond existential suicide . presented with the softly rendered and absorbing visualization of a young girl 's decent into psychological insecurity ; it is a hauntingly supple progression toward the half understood disturbance of what we might have experienced . james mangold directed this film quite nicely from a very good screenplay ; he managed to portray all these young women as young women in turmoil . no melodrama , no over the top sentimentality , just a frank peek into their tumultuous lives . if you 've ever questioned your own sanity or escaped periods of exceptional melancholy in your life , this film is certain to trigger old fears . but it is also certain to remind you how exquisite and simple salvation can often be . this film deserves that second look , as well as its painful salvation : a jaundiced beauty whose tragic death is no less healing than the memory of a lost friend . it is a heavy drama , so be forewarned ! and a very moving drama at that .
music pos 122.txt i have seen al jarreau 20 times in concert ( and recently saw al and george perform at the hollywood bowl ) and am a long-time fan from way back . there are a few al cds that you just play forwards and backwards ( and back when they were cassettes , you wore out the tape ) because they 're just perfect . " breakin ' away " , " jarreau " and " heaven and earth " come to mind . well , add " givin ' it up " to that list . if you 're an old-school al fan and you 're wondering whether to buy this cd , buy it . it will live up to all of your al expectations . there 's a " look the rainbow " feel to it , there 's a " breakin ' away " feel to it , there 's a " jarreau " feel to it . there 's even a " glow " feel to it ( when you think about tunes like " milwaukee " and " have you seen the child ? " ) . grassroots al. it 's got the production values of " heaven and earth " and " tenderness " . fabulous production , arrangements , gathering of talent . there is not one song on here that you will skip as you 're listening to it driving to work or whatever . in fact , if you 're throwing a party and want to instantly get people in a jazzy party mood , put on this cd because between everybody from chris botti to jill scott to a soulful paul mccartney , people will stop and say , " wow , listen to jill and george tearing up ' god bless the child . ' " and " is that paul mccartney tearing up ' bring it on home to me ' ? " [yes , it is.] meanwhile , al and george are working their magic the entire time , and guests will say , " listen to george right there . " and , " al is jamming right now . " it 's a conversation-stopper provided by the best thing that can stop a conversation at a party : fabulous music that people must comment on . of course , that 's where the conversation picks right back up , so you win either way . the blend is perfect : just a touch of scatting , just a touch of voice-beat , with lots of fabulous jazzy vocals by both al and george , tons of great music solos , and george playing a perfect guitar . if you 're a george benson fan , you will be thrilled with this cd because george provides a fabulous through-line to every piece . he 's ever-present with every wonderful thing he ever did on a guitar . he fronts many of the pieces , and he 's not in any way relegated to " background guitarist . " he is the music in every piece , with few exceptions . as much as i love al , this cd is magical because of the blend of george and al. only these two can pair up to make this kind of cd . there is no other team who could have pulled this off . you need al 's voice and george 's guitar . period . in fact , i 'm guessing much of the jazz music world is a tad jealous right now of how simply genius this cd is , as in , " dang . these two are great together . wow . " bottom line : this is a perfect blend of these two greats ' talents . george takes care of the music , while al provides the wide gamut of vocals he 's an expert at ( and that only he can provide ) . if you 've been a long-time fan of either of these two , you wo n't be disappointed . it 's not lopsided . and it 's old-school in every good way . my prediction : this cd will sweep the grammys . if it does n't , there is no justice . like another reviewer on this page , i intend to buy this cd for about eight people . it 's just that perfect
health pos 335.txt this humidifier is easy to refil and not a big eye-sore even in small rooms . also , stays very clean not a lot of build up like other humidifiers . would give it 5 stars but you do have to refil it about every 8 hours . which i guess it 's good that it 's easy to refil . the price is also the reason for 4 stars instead of 5. i think it is a little pricey for not a lot of features compared to bigger ones with more features for the same price . perhaps you pay for the convient size . overall , i really do like this humidifer and is the only one i like to have in the house because of low maintence and small size .
music neg 759.txt buddy holly has a number of collections that are superior to the one put out under the 20th century masters series . every one of the cds in this series is skimpy in content and superfluous . this one is no exception . look elsewhere
music neg 51.txt the main problem i have with this cd is that it seems poorly mixed . there is no sonic depth to it - all the sounds are flat and hard to distinguish from each other
camera pos 599.txt this is why sony is hot ! this sexy little ( yes its really small the size of a pack of cards ) it takes perfect clear and crisp pictures and the battery life is a long 320mins perfect for a vacation , make sure to get a memory stick with it though , because w / o it it only holds about 15 pics . this is my first digital camera and i would definitely buy sony again
health pos 76.txt my wife and i have used this a few times now and really like it . from a novice 's point of view , this is a great meditation aid . i like being able to get the visual feedback as i calm and center myself . i guess the hardest part is not letting myself get too anxious as i try to accomplish the task in front of me . it 's also a very pretty game with very lush and detailed visuals as well as a nice soundtrack
software neg 269.txt on the front of the box it says it can be used for professional photo editing and has 20 , 000 professionally designed projects , when i received the box it had a disclaimer that the photos cannot be used for products for re-sale , i purchased this product to do a work at home video and spent all morning evaluating the different software 's and now i find out it is totally worthless to me . i went to there website and it says allow 4-6 weeks for a refund ! i am going to turn them into the ftc for false advertisement
books pos 350.txt there is a reason this book has sold over 180 , 000 copies . it gets right to the point . it accompanies each strategy with a visual aid so you can get a mental picture in your head . further , its section on analyzing stocks and commentary on the state of financial statements and the financial market are right on the money . if your just starting out in options , this book really is a must .
camera neg 167.txt hey this is for everyone buying cameras over the world out of the united states , i have a problem with my camera and i do n't have anyone to help , i 've been trying some help in amazon 's help area but they just have thousands of links but any simple email where i can ask for some help , i do n't really understand why is this site so well known on & quot ; customer service&quot ; , but i just cannot communicate with no one in the company to ask anything , i 'm just mad about this , if anyone can help me to contact amazon or fujifilm please post an email or whatever cause there 's no such a thing like help in the & quot ; help area&quot ; . i need to repair my lcd monitor of my camera , it 's really fragile , so if you 're still thinking on buying in this site or even buying something from fujifilm , do n't do it , they do n't care about the customer satisfaction at all
dvd pos 204.txt attila was a 2001 mini series which won the honor of being the most watched mini-series of its day . it features a stellar cast including powers boothe as a crafty roman leader who tries to use attila to gain possession of rome . gerard butler is attila , the hun , and he is everything about attila in this role , never was an actor better suited . his character is sharp , passionate , determined and has an instant magnatism that keeps the viewer glued to the film . he brings a strong intensity and subtle gentleness to the character which makes watching him clash with boothe even more dynamic . this is a definite watch for anyone that likes period piece drama or just really well staged war scenes
music pos 189.txt in boyz ii men 's sophomore album , ii , they make attempts to create their own identities with writing and producing this time around escaping producer dallas austin and founder michael bivins . this lp begins with the deepest of gratitude on " thank you " produced by the group and dallas austin . both " all around the world " and " u know " are mid-tempo tracks with a hip-hop flavor to them , but neither of the two is strikingly memorable or highlights . one thing they do is provide another angle for boyz ii men . for a more relaxing environment , " vibin ' " has a rather simple instrumentation , lyrics and vocals . " i sit away " is a hidden gem with a mid-tempo flow with soothing lyrics written by tony rich and production by veteran l.a. reid and tony rich . stepping into a more modern jazz feel " jezzebel " strengthen the groups range and abilities as the album is nearing a completed overall goal . over a piano solo , boyz ii men harmonize on " khilil ( interlude ) " to shift the gears down to their overpowering abilities to formulate ballads that begins with " trying times " written and produced by wanya morris , tim kelley & bob robinson . hit maker babyface lends a hand on two of the thirteen track album with smash singles and highlights " i 'll make love to you " and " water runs dry " . heavyweights jimmy jam & terry lewis add a touch of love and mood setting material on " on bended knee " . " 50 candles " drives this album to epic proportions with its thriving bass and lyrical content " ...feels like one of those nights.. . " they show and prove why for their time there are no other male groups that can compare to their beautiful harmony and range as on " yesterday " they perform accapella . if real talent that you seek , members shawn , michael , nathan and wanya has uncompromising talent for any age , era , or time that you can enjoy for long time .
dvd neg 572.txt this could have been an excellent documentary , but the makers of it decided to distort history rather than present it honestly . this is particularly true in the way it depicts sparta as being some kind of womyn 's power state which is absurd . somewhat comically , the narrator enhances the story of sparta by telling the story of its women which is quite trendy and also totally bogus . she tells us of laconic girls and their supposeed bi-sexuality . hughes states that it would be a mistake to think of it as a " feminist wonderland , " but that 's exactly what is implied . i do n't know how these other reviewers missed all the laughable politicizing such as : " fighting wars is a soft option compared to going home to mother . " yeah right ! unless of course , husbands who shave their wives heads and leave after inseminating them count as amounting to the progressive ideal . pretending people of the past had the sensibilities we do is disgraceful . to many counter-culturalists , history has no value if it is not used for the purposes of advancing a political program . unfortunately , that is precisely what we have here in this spoiled work . as for bettany hughes , i agree that she is quite attractive , but she is an awful narrator as she at times is downright giddy . hers is not the type of personality that should be discussing sparta- -i 'll take victor davis hanson any day over her . i recommend that you skip this one and look for something which quotes actual historians .
software pos 725.txt this map and trip maker is about the same as their previous versions except to my dislike , it no longer supports windows 98 , which happens to be the newest op that my old lap top can use . it also still lists some restaurants that have been closed for two years . the street maps it produces are accurate , except for a few minor glitches
music pos 100.txt if you were lucky enough to buy the soundtrack when first released in 1987 on enigma records , hang on to that out of print gem ! straight to hell is back on cd as straight to hell returns , and may have a lot more tracks this time , but it also deleted two tracks from the original release and shortens another track . not appearing this time are : " the good , the bad and the ugly " by the pogues , and my personal favorite " money , guns and coffee " by pray for rain . the track " the killers " by pray for rain ran 2 minutes 55 seconds on the original , but on this new release was shortened to only 2 minutes . this is rather perplexing considering straight to hell returns runs a total of 55 minutes 7 seconds , which would have left room for those other tracks to be included ( since cds can run a total of 79 minutes 59 seconds ) . i 'm deducting a point from my rating of this cd because the missing tracks should have been included ! on the plus side , this new release contains a lot of short instrumental tracks from the film that were not on the original cd release in 1987 , as well as some brief dialogue excerpts . the film was a misunderstood classic , and the soundtrack of spaghetti western-style rock is wonderful : the pogues , joe strummer , pray for rain , zander schloss , elvis costello 's macmanus gang , and even dialogue excerpts from courtney love before she was , well , i guess the word is " famous . " if you 're a fan of any of these artists , you 'll love this assortment of songs...those not familiar with the film may not be able to absorb the atmosphere these songs and instrumentals create , so get the film on dvd and you 'll appreciate the works of these artists so much more . the liner notes claim this cd is to be considered the " official " soundtrack , while the first release of it back in 1987 was basically a " souvenir . " i enjoy both releases immensely , but since i was listening to those other deleted tracks for nearly 20 years now , it 's sad to not hear them this time around
music neg 21.txt i love love tegan and sara and when i found out this was one of their favorite cds i have to admit....i think i was devastated . i just saw pretty girls make graves last night and they really could not have sounded worse.not just not enjoyable...unbelieveably horrible . i think you should take your money and spend it on a cd that actually sounds like good music . do n't make your ears go through this much pain
music neg 601.txt it 's not as good as his other albums . he tries too hard and he praises himself way too much . poor guy ; no wonder it had a fake case
books pos 455.txt this book focuses on a cogent question by way of a true story and invites response from all sorts of people with pertinent experience , providing biographies of these respondents . the topic is forgiveness . i found the analysis by dennis prager , an l.a. talk show host , the most understanding of christian / jewish outlooks and jose hobday 's perhaps the best of the christian contributions . i am eager to discuss it with members of my theology group .
dvd pos 53.txt this movie is pure fun . my whole family loved it . it 's corny and the acting leaves you feeling like it 's amatuer hour , but its fun to watch . we made popcorn and laughed our way through the whole thing . watch it and enjoy
software neg 841.txt since buying the upgrade of windows xp i have had to reinstall it 3 times -onto a clean hard disk - the first time it just disappeared and turned into a blue screen , with messages that hive files were gone missing ? 2nd time round the registery got corrupted and the last time it refused to boot , and not wanting to have to trall through another install i used the xp cd to try the recovery consol . this was as much use as a cigarette lighter on a motor bike . none of the commands worked , and even trying the help file was useless . there seems to be a serious problem with system restore in xp , and im fully updated with all the latest spacks , and stacks of space on my hard disk alotted to sr ! check dates will disappear and when you really need st to get you back and running -it goes pear shaped ! i now running 3 restored version of xp completly backed up on a seperate hard disk using power quests drive image . my experences with xp are its not reliable. .
music pos 32.txt nice cd cool beats songs like welcome to atlanta pick it u
dvd pos 244.txt bob clark 's 1974 chiller classic , which went on to inspire many elements of " halloween " and " when a stranger calls " , is definitely one of the better , if not best , horror films out there . period . not high on blood , but very high on suspense , dread , atmosphere , and out-of-the-dark surprises . a sorority house ( to include the lovely olivia hussey , the vulgar alcoholic margot kidder , and sctv vet andrea martin ) falls victim to vicious , violent , and altogether menacing phone calls during the christmas holidays . soon , students on campus begin turning up missing . though some events do go unexplained ( which could be positive , considering the mystery involved ) and the film tends to go borderline predictable in some sorts , this is undeniably one of the creepiest horror films , with the most tense , moody photography ever captured on film . keir dullea and margot kidder turn in quite effective performances . highly recommended
music pos 731.txt it was good . there are so many albums like this . this is one of the good ones
software pos 812.txt though i 've odered many times with amazon , this is the first time i have been excited enough to review a product ! i 'm an adult who wants to learn guitar for fun and did n't want to play " mary had a little lamb " and scales for months . i have only used the software for about an hour , and have already been playing parts of songs i actually like ! i have been playing guitar for a total of one week prior to receiving this ( without any instruction ) .this is perfect if you do n't have the patience or desire to learn the traditional way . i wish i had this when i was 14 , i would have loved it . i ca n't vouch for the whole thing yet , since i 've only played with it for an hour , so i give it 4 stars instead of five . from what i 've seen i have no reason to expect that it will let me down and highly recommend it
health neg 404.txt i was happy to see this type of product available , but was not happy when i received it . it seems like a flimsy piece of plastic , and the " magnets " looked like they were painted on , a gold-tone , and the paint looked like it was chipping off . the base of the item is separate from the top of the item , which seems to be attached with springs ? it did run , but was very loud , like it was working too hard . there is a note not to use it more than 20 minutes , which i 'm not sure is because of a potential adverse affect with the user , or because the unit might overheat . there were some spelling errors on the outside of the box ( a few places said " reflexology " and a few places said " relexology " ) - - but maybe that just bothers me ? i think it is also important to note that the buyer pays shipping , and if returned - - also pays return shipping charges ; and when combined , nearly equals the original cost of the item . ; o (
camera neg 797.txt i ordered this dv cable in hopes that i would be able to use it to transfer my videos from the dv camera to my computer , however , my computer does not have a dv plug-in . i have not been able to use the cable since i bought it and i am truly disappointed
software neg 156.txt if you use microsoft office ( word , excel ) do n't buy it ! links to your previous .pdf simply do n't work . adobe knows about it , but have no viable work around . stick with prevous versions .
software neg 342.txt i purchased quickbooks 2005 ; 4th upgrade in 10 years . unlike earlier versions , this one is confusing and painful to use . simple things like making deposits has to do through contraptions . one of the reasons i upraded was to use online banking ; it 's a complete disaster . it does n't download the complete trasaction details , reconcilliations are very difficult . you will be doing twice the work to use it . once my transfer to the bank was aborted by a message saying you are low on memory and though quickbooks sent the transaction to the bank , it did n't mark it internally , so on the next login , it sent the payment again ! ! ! it has cost me $1509 of double payment that i am still trying to get back ! how you pay a bill is totally messed up , there is no way for you to mark that a bill was paid online unless it was done through quickbooks online connection . ( bank 's billpay ca n't be used ! ! ) it 's very poor in organization , you ca n't have 2 accounts # 's with a vendor ( still in 2005 ! ! ! ) . it has introduced obscure concepts as items and classes , which have no real definition and no " default " use and stop every transaction . one of the biggest thing quickbooks has done to hurt their customers is the payroll . technically you can do it yourself , but they hide that information and scare you in every step that you should ( must ) buy the $299 / year payroll service ( old tax-tables ) . in all the documenation , not once do they mention that you can do the payroll directly and this is how . compared to the earlier products , this is a huge cost . by that reckoning i would have paid ~$2000 for the previous version of quickbooks ! ! it 's definitely cheaper to buy a basic version of the software and use an accountant to do the other work and you will be better off . do n't waste money on quicken services or premium products , they will bleed you to death on your way to a mental asylum
books neg 31.txt the characters are uninteresting and 2-dimensional , the dialog hackneyed . i have no idea why it 's on the new york times bestseller list . it was more of an obligation for me to finish this book than anything else . do n't waste your money
software neg 229.txt i was charged the full price of 49.95 with no $20 coupon inserted
books pos 703.txt i 've been working with foals for about 18 years . this book is well written and includes very good illustrations . it 's good for new handlers and experienced handlers ( reminders of different options to use with different personalities ) as well . i highly recommend it
health pos 644.txt the razor and trimmer are both easy to use and give a nice clean shave . i am very happy with this item
software pos 630.txt love the program... . hate the company ! i 've been using quickbooks for more than 10 years . i started with the basic edition since i am a very small business and use only a portion of the program , specifically customer and vendor lists , invoicing , a / r and purchase orders . overkill is an understatement.. . quickbooks pro is much more powerful than i need . i do n't use payroll , check printing , year end accounting and many of its other functions . so why did i purchase such a powerful program ? that 's the " rub " . intuit is not satisfied with its quickbooks users being content with the edition that they are using ; intuit sales people call all too frequently trying to get you to upgrade to the next higher version ( edition ) of their program . they hounded me for years to upgrade from the early basic edition to the then current basic edition ; finally , they dropped support of the product and i had no choice . i purchased quickbooks 2005 basic edition in 2005. shortly after purchasing it , they informed me that they were no longer going to support the 2005 basic edition and if i wanted continued support i would have to upgrade again , this time to the pro edition . this january ( 2007 ) i received an email from intuit informing me that my 2005 basic edition would n't run on the new windows xp vista platform and if i switched to vista i would need to upgrade to quickbooks pro . i upgraded to a new pc in february as the result of a major crash on my former system and opted to go with vista , thinking that i could install windows 98 as a second operating system to run quickbooks 2005 basic . the second operating system did n't work out and , after seriously considering switching to microsoft accounting 2007 , i purchased quickbooks pro . i was very disappointed that intuit did n't offer a significant purchase incentive to existing users ; but they never have in all the years that i 've been using their product . even microsoft , the shark of sharks , offers incentives . do n't be misheartened . i purchased the program from amazon and , with rebates and other purchase incentives , saved $60 over intuit 's price ; i could have saved an additional $25 if i had bought on ebay ( had i known it at the time ) .
software neg 355.txt i really like the rosetta stone product ( although it is over priced ) . warning : rosetta stone ( fairfield language technologies ) will not replace a cd if it is lost , stolen or damaged unless you bought the product directly from them ( and then they charge you $30 for a replacement cd ) . i had the misfortune of purchasing from a local bookstore and someone had stolen the disk from inside the package . in this case i can get my money back from the store i bought it from but since you ca n't backup the disks you had better be very careful to not lose one
dvd pos 625.txt for sheer excitement , you cannot beat this dvd . the music is exciting , arranged well for brass ensemble , and recorded with high quality . but that 's only the beginning.. . in blast , the band vigorously acts out all the pieces they perform . how they manage this energy level will flat-out amaze you . i can honestly say that , after just seeing these performances , you are as happily exhausted as the performers must be . prepare to be thrilled. .
dvd neg 196.txt me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater . i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull . after about a half hour my friend , who tends to be more " progressive " than i , actually suggested we leave . it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing . ever ! perhaps i 'm biased . however i highly recommend that no one get this movie . the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant . i tend to lean to the right , but even i was entertained by v for vendetta , despite it being blatant liberal propaganda . if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil , at least make it interesting
music pos 154.txt ah , yes , it 's nirvana 's " nevermind " cd , released in 1991. i listen to all 80 's pop-metal , or hair metal ( whitesnake , winger , van halen , y&t , dokken ) i could go on forever on 80 's bands . ( of course there is rick springfield , and john cougar mellencamp ) . i am a true rocker here , i know all the true bands out there , i know everything about them . i have reasons for this . but here 's the bottom line . nirvana was a breakthough along with soundgarden and pearl jam back in the early 90's . millions of people bought those cds . and yes , there were hair bands still alive back then , like poison , and firehouse , etc. firehouse and poison had alot of success , eventhough it was n't the 80 's anymore . as i can see , alot of my fellow rockers do n't really like nirvana , or pearl jam , or soundgarden . to be completely honest , i like their music , i just do n't prefer the music , because i do n't like the hard sound . i really like the glam-hair band style . people say : " nirvana and those other grunge bands killed glam-metal " . yes , i agree that they killed the 80 's hair bands , but it 's not necessarly their fault . it 's a mix between the bands , and the people listenting to the music . because of grundge music , today 's music is quite horrifying , with emo and other types of music that would 've been a nightmare back in those days . nirvana has a great cd here , but i just do n't prefer it . if you are a real rocker , you 'll listen to all the types of music back then . do n't judge unless you have actually heard it , because you may actually like it . to all rockers - do n't listen to modern music . it 's poisoning our people , and no one really understands the true meaning of " the guitar " in today 's music . most of you will understand what i mean , so listen to the classics . classic rock , and hair bands forever , and even grunge . keep the classic alive . ~the sicilian axe ma
dvd neg 156.txt saw this on the box last night . i sat through the whole thing just to see if it would improve - it didn't . i kept wondering whether this was a radio play that someone had decided to film . the dialogue is wooden , the plot is pathetic , the whole set-up is unconvincing . it looks like something the actors did in a couple of days due to contractual obligations of some sort or maybe to cash in on the whole & quot ; vegas&quot ; craze - which ranges from csi to & quot ; the cooler&quot ; . ( incidentally , & quot ; the cooler&quot ; is another one to avoid . ) i would give this zero stars if i could
books neg 356.txt this book is for readers with little or no knowledge of recent debates on energy security , global warming , etc. as well as related technological advances in fields such as hydrogen and fuel cells . the author contributes little to previous books on the subject , such as rikin 's book on hydrogen which is much better researched and just as accesible to the general public . if anything , the book 's original contribution is to discuss how energy and environmental issues can be addressed using market mechanisms . in doing so , the author comes up with some interesting case studies , but it 's quite obvious he is biased toward the same tired free-market ideology that is endlessly promoted in the pages of the economist , which happens to be the author 's employer . moreover , there was little effort in integrating the various chapters . overall , a very disapointing book . the author should stick to journalism
dvd neg 799.txt dolph lundgren stars as a mercenary sent to kill a tribal leader and then him discovering the wrong of his nation , dull and just plain pointless ( and stupid ) action film suffers from inept action scenes and logic lapses . lundgren is imposing but ca n't act
software pos 606.txt i ordered the wrong spanish language learning sucess kit for my husband for christmas . although he had taken off the outside wrap , rosetta stone graciously allowed us to return the set i had given him and in return they sent us the version he had originally wanted . rosetta stone made the return very easy and fast
health pos 854.txt after just 3 weeks of using this product my fasting blood sugar has dropped to 111. thats over 40 points ! ! ! ! pretty impressive . my dr. started me on metformin but it made me very sick . this stuff works much better wiht no side effects . i wish i had known about this years ago as i have been fighting with high fasting sugars for years . this product is a god send .
music pos 104.txt at the end of the day , when you come home from school or work , one ca n't say & quot ; i feel great . &quot ; rather than great , we are stressed and tired . the sounds of falling rain is evermore relaxing that this cd captures it it almost perfectly . i too , am always stressed at the end of a work day and have relaxed to the sound of falling rain ; and it does work . it would also be helpful to listen to while sleeping . with quiet , natural sounds , it will have a soporific effect on its listeners and relax you
health neg 74.txt i 've got this meter a month ago . i intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise , but i 've never been able to do so ! at rest , the meter gives a reading after several attempts , but often inaccurate . you have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading . now i 'm using it as an exercise watch / stopwatch
books pos 227.txt i first read about this wonderful book on one of the services that provides reading guides for book clubs . i was intrigued by the premise , and knew i had to buy it . this is one book that did not let me down ! i was captivated from the moment i began . i read in greed , hungering for the next diary entry . i completed it much too quickly , and had to re-read some entries . i found myself wondering about some of the women . ( many are still on my mind . ) i am so pleased that book two is in the works . this is a book that is too good to miss .
books pos 349.txt did you ever know someone whose life was just " perfect " ? ? someone who went to college , got married at age 23 , found a great job with valuable stock options.. . someone who settled down in a house in a nice city at age 25 or 26 , started a family a year or two later , and who now seems to " have it all " ? ? well , after world war ii , this happened to just about everyone in the silent generation , and it happen to most in the boomer generation , and it 's happening to just about no one in generation x . this books speaks to members of generation x and describes the suffering and coping mechanisms for these people . this book , now 15 years , is about a generation that was sold down the river by its elders - generation x . the book describes 3 young people , andy , dag , and claire , who visit palm springs and tell stories of their lives and of their friends who are suffering in life . the author douglas coupland is actually telling stories from vancouver british columbia , one of the first cities in north america to be sold out to foreign economic colonizers from hong kong ( who escaped to vancouver to avoid the 1997 mainland takeover . ) in this city , the worst 1100 square foot fixer-upper house costs a third of a million dollars , or 10 years of take-home pay for a mid-career household . economic success is impossible in the physical confines of the city - the system is rigged against everyone except rich immigrants and the existing upper class of blue-collar boomers who purchased homes in the 1970 's and 1980's . many aspects of the book ( such as " reverse sabbatical " , " mcjobs " , etc. ) reflect the severe economic conditions faced by high-achieving intellectuals who go nowhere economically in that city . in my grandparents generation , all you had to do was to go to college . in my parent 's generation , you needed to go to college and become a successful professional . in my own generation , you need to co-found a startup company and be among the 10% of founders who can sell off the company or have an ipo . do you notice something here ? yes , it 's getting more and more difficult to be marginally successful in america . because gen x'ers find that traditional paths to success - hard work , taking chances , saving and investing - do n't work any more , they resolve to live like their parents by either living with their parents or by borrowing money endlessly and hoping for a miracle . fiscal irresponsibility is at an all-time high , and has squandered everyone 's future ! in this environment of perpetual economic slavery , coupland counsels generation x'ers to break free of the traditional career models that have been rigged by their elders for failure . coupland counsels us all to re-examine what is success in our life and how to achieve it . this book is a call to enlist in a class warfare between gen-x'ers and their elders ! in many ways , this book is similar to " the razor 's edge " by w . somerset maughen or " the monk and the riddle : the art of creating a life while making a living " , in other words , redefine your notion of success in the world , while waiting for our evil society to implode in upon itself , which must surely happen in the near future ..
dvd neg 235.txt if i 'm not mistaken , the only difference between the standard 50th anniversary edition and the " ultimate collector 's edition " is 1 ) collectible robby the robot replica 2 ) forbidden planet and the invisible boy reproduction lobby cards portfolio 3 ) forbidden planet original theatrical poster mail-in offer 4 ) metal alloy collector 's case in that case , the " ultimate collector 's edition " , at more than twice the price of the standard edition , is a rip-off ! the " robby the robot replica " is much smaller and much less detailed than the one depicted in the ad the mail in offer for the " free " poster requires a $3.50 shipping and handling fee . the " metal alloy collectors case " is made of very thin metal and arrived dented . not that it would take much to dent it . save $21.00 and buy the standard version
software neg 359.txt i upgraded from wordperfect office 12 to x3 , but have returned the upgrade to wordperfect . the much touted ability to import pdf files is so poorly implemented that it is all but unusable . in addition , the wordperfect mail component will not load data files while my antivirus ( zonealarm ) is running in the background . corel technical support takes no responsibility for the incompatability . do not upgrade unless these issues are addressed
music neg 491.txt i purchased this disk along with others to play in my acura dvd-a system . i found the overall audio quality to be a bit disappointing...and the mix to be a bit " over the top " with surround effects . major vocals coming from rear speakers , etc. i also found the overall sound to lack the brightness and crispness on this specific disk . in fact , the demo disk for my tl has the marvin gaye song " let 's get it on " and it is remarkably brighter on that disk than on this collection . if you are looking for dvd-a disks with 5.1 surround...i 'd pass on this one and maybe purchase the cd of this album .
dvd neg 135.txt nothing but self-important producer yacking about how accomplished he was at an early age , as mere snipnets of what i thought was going to be a movie were shown . very disappointing , as listing did n't indicate that this was not the full movie uninterupped
books pos 439.txt excellent book , a good guide to improve project managemen
health pos 625.txt this is the razor to use ! excellent product , does what is says
dvd neg 32.txt the most simple definition of [...] is sexual gratuitousness . sexual imaging for the sake of turning people on , not providing anything pertinent to the plot . you ca n't help but get a porno feel while watching bully . and to think i was supposed to be viewing a film about teenage revenge on the local bully ; but it turns out to be a soft porn version of how vapid teenagers waste away their lives with a little killing thrown in . was it really necessary to show a shot of a girl 's crotch while she 's driving a car ? was it necessary to have a sex scene or nudity scene or drug scene every 3 minutes ? you ca n't help but see the director as a pervert who is more preoccupied with sex and street cred grittiness than telling a good story . the very first scene is of a guy having phone sex . several things about this movie other than the [...] made me mad : 1. you 're planning to kill somebody , then proceed to tell everybody , including the waitress at pizza hut what you 're planning . 2. after you kill , you 're so afraid of being caught that you proceed to put more suspicion on yourself by acting very strange and telling even more people what you did . 3. which makes more sense ? to decide to kill a guy because he disrespects you and beats you up occasionally and has sex with your girlfriend , or , to stop hanging out with him completely and stop lending your girlfriend out like a wh-ore . bobby never put a gun to the guy 's head to make him hang out with him , yet murder was the only option ? 4. i ca n't believe mr. wimp who never fights back can all of a sudden muster the strength to slit a guy 's throat while he 's staring him blankly in the face begging for his life . 5. all of the characters
music pos 334.txt this album is a great representation of what spoon is about . great music along with fantasticly written lyrics provide a feeling of sheer uphoria to one 's ears . spoons sound is somewhat like cake but different in ways as well . they are a very good band that should be getting more cred than what they are getting . some of my faves on this cd include mathematical mind , the two sides of monsieur valentine , sister jack and i turn my camera on . i would strongly recommend this cd to anyone that like alternative rock . definately money well spent
software pos 80.txt i 'm not a spider-man fan . i love powers , the ultimates , supreme power , planetary and other stuff by warren ellis , brian michael bendis , et.al . so when i bought this , i wondered if spending a whopping $49 would be worth it . i wanted to read straczynski 's recent run of spider-man , but if i was going to spend about $20 on a graphic novel , why not spend a little more for the whole thing . and that 's just what you get . in addition to getting straczynski 's 4-year run ( which includes spider-man 's evolution and discovery of his totemic powers ) , you get everything leading up to june 2006 ( which is just like 3 issues ago ! ) . and all on 1 dvd-rom . true , the cons are that when it comes to crossovers , you only get the amazing spider-man stories and reading it off your computer is n't as fun as reading the actual comics - - but that does n't compare to getting the entire run . it 's like complaining about getting a free ps3 , xbox360 and nintendo wii , because the box did n't come with it or you 're missing one controller . $50 may seem steep , but if comics cost $3 now , so for the price of like one or two months worth of comics - - or for 2 books , you get everything . and it 's true , you can just print out the pages if you want ( so if you want to abuse your office or school 's printer , go for it !
health pos 267.txt yes , i did feel a difference . benadryl is not effective for me so i was sceptical . i am glad i found this . i use for when i need to sleep in an unfamiliar place
music pos 466.txt have loved this album since it first came out years ago ( bought on vinyl - lost to the mists of time ) . the cd was out of print but i kept looking and found it on amazon ( it was re-released ) , yeah ! ! ! ! last steam engine , from the cradle to the grave , louise , owls , you do n't have to need me - some of my favorites . this , to me , is kottke in his prime
music pos 194.txt well it 's not quite as good as rising which is the best album ever but it 's still amazing . 1.man on the silver mountain - 10 / 10 this track is a classic and is still played at every dio concert and ritchie blackmore still performed it at every rainbow concert until rainbow disbanded in 1997 but anyway this may be ritchie blackmore 's strongest riff ever ! and dio 's vocal performance is excellent . anyway it 's a great fantasy song by dio and blackmore and still got radio play so it appeals to everyone . 2.self portrait - 10 / 10 excellent dark song by the band which fits dio 's voice perfectly another classic ! 3.black sheep of the family - 8 / 10 good song but not a rainbow song it 's a cover and that 's a shame because i would have loved to hear dio 's brilliant lyrics another original song but anyway still a good listen 4.catch the rainbow - 10 / 10 another classic from this album as dio shows how well he can sing ballads as well as epics and rockers . blackmore has a solo full of feeling and this was performed at every rainbow concert until dio left the band . 5.snake charmer - 10 / 10 another song that takes place in the middle ages which is rainbow 's trademark . anyway this song is very underrated and should have been a classic . dio has brilliant lyrics and vocals as usual and it 's no suprise that blackmore supplied excellent solos and riffs for this one 6.temple of the king - 10 / 10 here is the best ballad of all time ! ! ! ronnie 's vocals are perfect for this song and his lyrics are amazing too . blackmore throws togethor and a great arrangemant and solo aswell to make this maybe the best track on the album . 7.if you do n't like rock n roll - 8 / 10 kind of cheesy lyrics but a good track and it sounds more like an elf track . 8.sixteenth century greensleeves - 10 / 10 great song ! a real classic as dio puts togethor another great fantasy song . blackmore 's riffs is brilliant and his solo is full of bends and shredding . 9.still i 'm sad - 10 / 10 well the version with vocals is much than this instrumental version but this version is brilliant too . the live version off on stage however with dio 's vocals blow it away . i still wonder why there were n't any vocals on this . the band is ronnie james dio - vocals ritchie blackmore - guitar gary driscoll - drums mickey lee soule - keyboards , piano , mellatron craig guber - bass 2
health neg 635.txt unlike several other reviewers , i loved this trimmer for 5 months . at that time the rechargeable battery just died completely , would not recharge at all , and the remington people are useless when filing a complain
camera neg 298.txt i will keep this review simple . for the price this is an ok deal . however : the bag is a bit bulky and has no belt loop . the battery charger is finicky and has below average build quality batteries are generic rechargeables . you are better off finding a bag that fits your needs perfectly and picking up a separate charger / batteries . it will wind up costing you less in the long run
books pos 199.txt reminds me that conservation has been in the minds of some for a very long time . my grandson who is four loved the story and understood the concept
camera pos 744.txt overall its a fine viewer however it has a couple of problems . #1 ) it would be really nice if there was a way to copy pictures off of a sd card and into memory and vice versa . this would be invaluable for moving pictures around without having to hook things up to a computer . #2 ) hooking it up to a computer is a pain , instructions are not helpful . if you are using the viewer to look at images off of sd cards in remote places ( ie trailcamera ) it works fine , but i 'd like the ability to move pictures off of a card into the viewers internal memory so i can leave the card with the trailcamera . #3 this is nasty , if you cycle through the pictures too fast you can " crash " the viewer . upon resetting it , it will say there are no pictures found on the memory card . powering off , swapping cards wont help it read . the pictures are still there however but you need to then access the card directly through a computer to extract . reformat the card and it will be fine with the reader . for what i use it for i like it even though it has quirks that must be worked around .
camera pos 404.txt i gave this camera 5 stars because of it 's awesome features . this camera is the perfect size for kids and you can put a video on this camera . i love this camera . i think it takes awesome pictures
books pos 416.txt private investigator kinsey millhone is back again in this fourth installment of sue grafton 's alphabet series . this time she is offered a fee to give a $25 , 000 cashier 's check to a young man named tony gahan . the check for the fee bounces and kinsey is now looking for the man who gave it to her , plus the young man she is to give the cashier 's check to . everything she finds out about her client is bad . he is a drunk , who has killed several people in a car wreck , and appears to be a bigamist . when he is found dead , kinsey has plenty of suspects including survivors of the dead motorists and two angry wives . this book is written in grafton 's usual breezy style , and kinsey becomes more independent and more likeable with each book . i would recommend the whole series to mystery-lovers
camera neg 865.txt i bought this over the sony and i regret it . i get a tape eject error every time i try to rewind . i can only rewind at 10 second intervals before i get an error message to eject the tape and do the same thing over again . that 's a long time to rewind a 60 minute tape . many canon users are having this problem and the only way they address the problem which is clearly a mechanical problem is to charge a ridiculous price to send it off to be repaired . canon needs to own up to this problem and have a recall on the item . i will never buy canon again after they have turned a blind eye to a serious problem
camera neg 204.txt i purchased a 510 powershot in summer of 2005. after couple time of use the zoom on the cameras lens would n't work anymore . i cound't take any picture anymore . i contacted canon over this and they ask me to pay shiping to send the camera to them to fix .
music pos 244.txt to be honest i ca n't think of a word that can explain the emotional link with this album apart from it being the most beautiful sound i 've heard . for me listening to this album makes me feel emotionally confused but absolutely complete at the same time , never before has an album stopped me in my tracks as firmly as this one . my favourite songs on the album are " the only moment we were alone " and " six days at the bottom of the ocean " every time my ears are blessed with these artworks i 'm am fixated on nothing else but them . i literally cannot communicate with anyone or anything i just have to listen to them intently . this album is not as experimental as " those who tell the truth shall die those who tell the truth shall live forever " but i feel it is just as good and the songs are put together impeccably well , with no song being neither longer nor shorter than it has to be . i love the pure , clean sound of this album and see it as light as the wind . the trance that this album provides is indescribable ; i 'm not saying if you buy this album it will have this exact effect on you this description is merely from a personal note . either way i strongly recommend this band and album to anybody who is looking for a purchase , for you can have no doubt that this album is extremely well produced , written , recorded , thought out and sounding . buy it , you will not regret your choice one bit .
camera neg 494.txt not only is the physical appearance of this model ugly , it is a complete downgrade . panasonic takes off one of the most important features on the pv gs320 model , a microphone jack ! i currently own a 300 model and needed another camera to shoot different angels at the same time , since the 300 is discontinued i purchased the so called upgraded model . now the only available model with mic jack is the vdr 310 , and i have heard dvd is quality on camcorders is not what it should be . if you do any video prodcution and need to hook up your camera to a mic , this camera is not for you
dvd pos 38.txt season 3 of the l-word is by far the best yet . the character development and story have come so far since the 1st season , and are even better than season 2. they have scaled back the sex a little bit , but when they do put it in , the sparks really fly . i love the l-word
health neg 48.txt this product is worthless . save yourself the hassle and frustration of trying to get the radio and readouts to work and buy something else . i 've never been able to get the radio to work properly and the counters have gone blank . i 'm really surprised that amazon continues to sell this item with such terrible reviews continuing to come in
dvd neg 496.txt men of a certain age will remember how , when we were kids and this was played on tv in the early 80s , we thought it was so cool when a huge army of police officers fired so many shots into a house that it eventually collapsed , and when a bus was shot full of holes by an even larger army of cops . but those two over-the-top scenes are all this movie has going for it . the other action scenes are pretty silly and unbelievable , especially scenes involving a sniper in a helicopter , and atop a parking structure , both of whom were in " ca n't miss " positions and missed anyway . moreover , if you know anything about law the plot is beyond silly . it involves eastwood being sent from phoenix to las vegas to escort a witness being extradited back to arizona for a trial . the witness will testify about bad behavior on the part of the phoenix police commissioner , and a corrupt assistant district attorney is involved with the commissioner in a coverup . assuming a material witness can be extradited , which i doubt , the crime appears to have been committed in vegas , so it would tried in vegas , not phoenix . and if the ada prosecuting the case was corrupt and wanted to cover for the commissioner , he could just dismiss the case , and there would be no need to murder the witness . the idea that they would want to draw attention to the case by having 200 cops line up and try to assassinate the witness is beyond ridiculous . in sum , the plot and the action were both absurd , and the only interesting scenes were the crazy firepower overkill at the house and on the bus . but those two scenes probably ca n't carry the entire movie for the average viewer .
software pos 694.txt this product is amazing . after learning my husband was taking me to mexico for our 25th anniversary , i was nervous about going into a foreign country without knowing any spanish . this game is amazing . it is the fastest way to learn a language without the long drawn out grammar explanations . afterall , i just wanted to learn the basics , phrases for restaurants , banks , airports , shopping etc. this game was so much fun , you could n't tear me or my husband off the computer . we kept wanting to play because learning was so much fun . the phrases i learned contributed to a much more enjoyable trip and now i have enrolled at the local community college to further my spanish . this product is perfect for any one travelling and wanting to learn the phrases and colloquial expression fast
music neg 972.txt aerosmith were one of the worst most annoying bands of all time . they only made 3 decent songs in same old song and dance , seasons of wither , and janies got a gun . rest of the songs just stink explosively . avoid most albums from this hugely overrated band , steven tyler screams , he ca n't sing at all ? ? ? this is music for drug addicts
software neg 121.txt in installed this product on a dell optiplex gx110 ( admittedly not the latest , but still a very standard machine ) running windows 2000 with 512mb of memory . in spite of spending literally hours with the software i was unable to get it to produce an outline or dimensioning of a wall being drawn by dragging the mouse , as clearly illustrated in the accompanying video . without this feature it is virtually impossible to efficienctly produce exterior or interior walls . multiple emails to broderbund have produced autoreplies suggesting that i refer to their website for help . this site is essentially worthless for all but the most fundamental problems ( like not being able to read the install cd ) . it would also appear that this product is picky about the hardware it supports and also the version of driver . be prepared for possible frustrations with this product , with little support from the manufacturer . i cannot report on other features of the software because i was never able to produce even the walls of a structure
books neg 471.txt this is another piece of lowbrow anti-german propaganda dressed as historiography . the book is a mess of primary , yet selective and biased historical research , simplistic psycho-babble , ridiculous sociological-anthropological speculation , pathetic organization behavioural theorising and last but not least , absolutely third rate military history . the author is hell bent on proving that there is a german sonderweg from the founding of the second reich to hitler , that the vaunted german army is nothing but foolish automatons predisposed to atrocities and mindless offensives . all in all , cheap trash billed as history .
camera neg 452.txt i had jvc product and some of my friends too . these are good at the begining and after an year the motors will have problem and also the tape heads will have problem . even the cable pins will wearout easaly and will not work properly . price may be less buy its not worth for long run . i feel sony and canon are better than jvc . even hitachi is good
camera neg 720.txt we returned this video camera due to video picture quality . the camera requires a lot of light to have a decent video , even after changing settings , the video had a " grainy " look . we just needed something basic to replace our 10 year old video camera and thought this would work , but the picture was worse than our previous camera . purchased the pv-gs65 , next model up with 3ccd 's and love this model . as a matter a fact we still had the gs-31 , used the same tape , shot the same footage , and reviewing the two different shots , the gs-65 did 100% better . the camera has a great feel in your hand , although the menu button can be difficult to press
camera neg 803.txt received the ' first ' unit which was missing cables and had a non-functional remote . played mp3 's , mov , and displayed pictures fine . would have been happy enough if all the parts were present and working . returned this unit and received a second which did n't work , did n't even have a remote or speakers ( 561 in a 562 box ? ) . time for another replacement - which came without remote , with speakers , but faulty software or micro ? menu 's one deep were blank rectangles which did n't function and mp3 's which played on the first unit locked up this unit - same for mov files . actually tried a forth time because the first unit seemed to be ok functionally , but last unit was exactly the same as previous with blank menu 's and faulty functionality . e-mailed digital spectrum and have not received a reply , which actually led me to write this feedback ! hard to believe this company will survive if they do n't straighten up their act
music neg 289.txt i wo n't dispute emmylou 's wonderful voice and mark knopfler 's superb guitar playing but this album just did n't cut it for me . pretty lame , about as likely as hank and phoebe snow
camera neg 383.txt in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate
health pos 338.txt i bought this for my father who only has one leg to use in his shower / tub combo . he loves it . esp. the height adjustment feature
dvd pos 815.txt i previously wrote a review for this and only gave it 3 stars . but after watching it again , i realized i liked it better ( i do agree with the reviewer below me in that it does grow on you ) . i do not consider all of the performances goth . martiya possesion are more tribal than anything ( at least on this video ) and i really dislike the expression , or lack thereof , on their faces while they are dancing . they either look completely bored , pissed off , or smug . i skip right over it . i also did not care for asharah 's dance to the drum solo by solace ( " opaque " ) . the dance mood does not match the mood of the music at all . the music is saying " fast , big , upbeat " and she 's standing there doing taxim moves and small quick moves . and of course , we all love the s&m piece...excuse me , s&m is not part of the goth subculture , and has no place on a bellydance video . jehan may be a great and accomplished dancer , but she did n't dance much on this and i did n't want to see what was on her part . another thing i would have liked to see is more goth music . i like solace and all , but there were a lot of songs by them on this video and it would have been nice to see some more pieces done to music from the goth genre . there were a few , but not enough for my liking . my favorites on this video were tempest , ariellah , jeniviva and ayshe ( for wierdness factor ) . for all of its faults , this is a good video to be inspired by and i will use it for that purpose
software pos 588.txt got this game for my 12 year old and he loves it ! you need to have a pretty new computer to use it and it took a few trys to get it downloaded . once it was installed it was a really wonderful game ! if you have a child that likes puzzles and figuring things out , they will love it too
health neg 769.txt beware ! this thing , even if you try to be careful to be light on the pressure , as well as not keep it in one spot , it took the top layer of skin off ! my poor legs were in pain from my jeans rubbing up against them at work . ow ! i had to wrap them up in long cloth bandages till the skin healed . and what 's worse , it did n't take out all the hair... . i could still see some hair here and there it missed , and i thought i got it all . i returned it immediately and got a refund on my money . never again... . i 'll stick to my good ol ' electric razor instead... .
music pos 757.txt this album was released in the summer of ' 86 when queen 's radio airplay was at a rather low point in the u.s. and at a very high point in europe.by now , the band had adventured into pop genres beyond rock , yet colouring their songs with their distinctive style of interpretation and playing.here we find the gorgeous ballad one year of love and the catchy friends will be friends.the ominous anthem who wants to live forever and the highlander themed princes of the universe are gems in this crown.the first two usa singles , the rocker one vision ( from iron eagle ) and the danceable a kind of magic barely cracked the us top 40 in a decade when alternative music was preferred and classics were often overlooke
software neg 242.txt the definitions and thesaurus cross referencing are very good . the user interface is quite honestly shameful . software companies got away with this years ago , but there are now accepted standards for windows user interfaces ( e.g keyboard short cuts are missing ) . integration with word 2003 is weak . numerous bugs and exceptions and very slow
health pos 504.txt the monitor is relatively cheap , easy to use , and mostly accurate . the one gripe i have is that if i take my pulse 3 times in one minute or less the rate can range by up to 40 points ! usually , this is not a problem . i tend to check it 3 times and average the 3 which is sufficient for my purposes .
books neg 267.txt as a fervent admirer of peter bart 's previous books , the gross and who killed hollywood , i was extremely disappointed with this one . i feel he sold out by flacking for peter guber , whose exploits were richly detailed in the book " hit and run " . there 's really nothing new in here , and you 'd be well advised to avoid it
camera pos 620.txt the d300 is easy to use it takes great video outside , and is very good in low light . it also takes very good pictures , and the battery last a long time . i would buy it again
dvd neg 359.txt this movie was quite honestly one of the worst movies i have ever seen . as a huge colin firth fan originally from a small town in vermont , i thought that no matter what i had heard about the film i would enjoy it . unfortunately , i was wrong . the main problem of the film was characterization . there were oftentimes no motivations or explanations whatsoever for the character 's actions . one minute , the small town girl played by heather graham is working at a nursing home , then she 's downing alcohol , then she 's jumping around naked for absolutely no apparent reason ( in fact , she does n't even seem drunk ) , and all this entices the character colin firth to jump into bed with her . i think the heather graham character is supposed to be quirky , but because of the script and the way the film is cut , she comes off as schitsophrenic and unlikable . then suddenly they are in a serious relationship which colin dives into wholeheartedly even though he is supposed to be recovering from a breakup with his fiance ( and this is no rebound relationship ) . basically , the movie continues along this vein , with minnie driver showing up as the dark-haired british ex-fiance who you ca n't see ever having had a relationship with colin ( both actors are better in the much superior movie circle of friends ) . in any case , there are many more unexplained actions and wierd breakups / get back togethers before the movie thankfully ends . additionally , the setting is completely misused , beginning with the sign that says more than 18 , 000 people live in hope . in new england , that does not classify as a small town . they could have used the autumn setting and american-ness of the people as restorative to the colin character . the suggestion of that is there , but it is never demonstrated - instead , they go to a spot that is supposed to be nice and the heather graham character downs a bottle of booze , and colin firth 's character has no real explanation or feeling in his portraits of the town 's people . although the hotel owners are fun , if unrealistic , the mayor has been written as if he were a cartoon character . finally , i do n't neccessarily blame the actors for this awful movie , with the wierd cutting , it may have seemed like a good idea at the time . i think colin firth does his best at being an ambigious , but still likeable guy . heather graham , aside from not coming off as a small town girl at all , has absolutely nothing to work with , so you ca n't even blame her for the horrendous character she has . and everyone else , including minnie driver , is a complete caricature , although minnie driver incites some of the few amusing moments in the film . i feel bad to judge this movie so harshly , but it is unneccessarily bad , and i had been hoping for something at least fun . these actors all have much better movies out there .
music pos 665.txt i love this album but the other review from anonymous is wrong . this cd is not remastered . i baught this cd because of that review and got burned . the cd even says right on it aad . in other words analog recording / analog master / digital playback . i will say this much though , the transfer is better than mca 's version which i own . however , if you want a remastered version of the song monster look to the " all time greatest hits / original recording remasterd " cd from mca . it also has move over from this cd , i love this cd and want it remastered . if you gotta have this album ( i do ) than this version sounds better than the mca version
software neg 194.txt i am very disappointed with this product . using the features of it are very difficult ( red eye , sizing , etc. ) in addition , digital photos downloaded into photo album 6 are of poor quality / clarity on the computer screen . i expected more from it but have found i have less . i will not buy an upgrade but rather will look for another product with similar and more easy use features
dvd pos 670.txt as promised , this product was sent brand new and arrived quicker than expected . my brother loves soccer and thoroughly enjoyed this as a present for christmas
software neg 315.txt i bought adobe elements 5.0 because i thought it had more features than microsoft digital image suite , and it probably does . getting the adobe software to work is the trick . i even bought two books to help me learn how to use adobe and i still ca n't get it to work right . i should have stuck with microsoft , it is much easier to use .
books pos 149.txt one of the things i like about this book for young readers is that the same vocabulary words are repeated throughout the series so that the kids can build on what they learned in one book while they 're reading the next . at first , i was disappointed with the series since i did n't think it did justice to the little house series that i treasured myself as a girl . after a few reads , however , i see that the magic of laura ingalls wilder 's stories shines through in this series with renee graef 's illustrations . how else do you explain to a four-year-old what a log cabin is really like ? i am surprised how many " how. . " and " why.. . " questions this series has provoked . regarding this book in particular , my daughter asked about a million questions about the maple syrup-making process
camera pos 581.txt this is my first digital camera . prior to this i had a simple kodak point-and-click model which pretty much the quality of a disposible . i use much higher grade cameras at work both 35mm and digital . this camera gives you the 5.1 mp ability though most shots only require the 3mp . i like the 32mb internal memory though i 've also bought a 256mb card for traveling . the 5x zoom is n't as cool as i initially thought it would be and digital zoom works sometimes and not others but you must understand what digital zoom really is . the camera takes very clear and optimal pictures . better pictures then i 've taken on anything else i 've owned before ( and some of the work cameras as well ) . the size is small enough to put in your pocket but not too small for one with larger hands . the different flash options and shooting scenes can turn difficult pictures into what you want to capture . the panoramic shot sequence is an especially favorite feature especially for shoreline shots . i 've also bought the r-series dock and enjoy its ability to transfer my pictures faster and charge two batteries at once . this camera is worth the price you pay but i believe its a 2005 model so it may not be the most up to date but it does a great job .
health pos 411.txt this is easy to use and set up . it even has a 3rd space for a guest . you do n't have to get your body fat and water each time . i like it
music pos 658.txt hands down , a 5 star , two thumbs up , classic joint . after it dropped , puba reigned supreeeme . disregard the amazon reviewer , there are no " gaffes " in this one , period.. . these guys were true to their beliefs . they were n't packaging a product for " pop " consumption , they were telling a generation what they thought . check it out and the music will speak for itself . the best track in my opinion was " wake up " , but the whole album was great . as someone else mentioned , fast tracks put it in the 90 's but most of the tracks are relevant sound as good as ever .
music pos 578.txt this album is essentially a fusion of great musical minds . the legendary khan payes more attention to making this a better experience for the western audiences of the sufi music by playing more with his ( brilliant ) vocal skills then with the lyrics . micheal brooks ' music stands out and enhances the experience further . this is not to say that the mainstream indo-paki audience wo n't enjoy this album ( this is one of my all time favs ) . it is fabulous background listening while doing work which may need focus - for those who need music to do such things.. . : ) for those who have been thinking of testing out sufi music , this is the place to start . this is a fine introduction to the great nfak and sufi music .
books neg 456.txt am i the only one who did n't get a complete book ? at first i noticed there was some poor editing - lots of typos . but then after page 180 , where page 181 should be ( sleep chapter ) , it goes back to page 117 ( discipline chapter that i already read ) . it continues to repeat pages 117 to 180 ( a whole 63 pages duplicated ! ) , then picks up again on page 245 in the middle of the school days chapter that i do n't have the beginning of . i 'm completely missing pages 181-245 ( 67 pages ) . other than that , good for a few laughs and a handful of ideas
software neg 635.txt this program is terrible to deal with . i run a small business and bought quickbooks simple start . once loaded and you go to use the program there is a pop up requiring you have an administrator . when loading the software it does not tell you to select or bypass the administrator requirement . you only learn this when you first go to use the program . the url they give on the pop up for troubleshooting does not address this issue , either . you are just locked out of the program . now it gets fun . so , you have to speak to them for help . but this is where it gets to be no laughing matter . to get help you have to email them to ask for help . they then call you back at their convenience . if you are busy working when they call back you have to start all over . i have yet to be able to use this product since i bought it 3 weeks ago because they will not call back when it is convenient for me the customer and will not let me call in at my covenience . even worse , since they have bought out all their competitors quickbooks customer support no longer is available after regular hours when a small business owner has the time to handle such operations issues . i ca n't return this product for a refund because i have loaded it . my first clue to how not user friendly this product is should have been the title : simple start
camera neg 582.txt instead of this pick up a plextor convertor box . it takes the output of the camcorder ( composite / rca or s-video ) and compresses that to mpeg-2 ( dvd ) or mpeg-4 ( or divx ) and includes software which easily burns that to dvd or cd ( mpeg-1 or mini dvd ) . look for plextor 's m402u box . unless you really want to deal with 3.125 mb of data per second ( 25 mbps ) , or about 180 mb per minute , or about 11 gb per hour through the firewire link , get the m402u . your options will be greatly expanded , and you wo n't tell the difference by looking
software neg 358.txt i purchased the standard edition of x3 primarily for 3 reasons : 1 ) it claims to have the ability to convert pdf files into wp format , 2 ) it claims to be able to organize your e-mail files through the use of wp mail well beyond the capabilities of outlook express , and 3 ) it claims enhanced use of wp for word processing . what i found was a product that met only one out of three of its claims . in baseball , batting .333 will put you into the hall of fame . in business , fulfilling one of three claims will put you into bankruptcy ! while the pdf converter is a rather good tool , wp3 mail is unstable ( and this is from their tech support department ) . it destabilizes your use of e-mail to the point of making it virtually unusable in terms of reliability . i imported older e-mail from outlook express when i installed the wp x3 software , only to later find out that the system crashed regularly . i could not get at my older imported e-mail , and could not find a practical way to reverse the importing back into outlook express . what really irked me was that their tech support was worthless in rectifying the situation . they merely responded by saying they were aware of the problem and " may " release a patch to help sometime in the future . ahhhhh ! as to the alleged improved " word processing power " , i have experienced more bugs then appear in an animal planet channel special on insects in the amazon jungle . unwanted page formating changes occur when i click my mouse on the page i had just finish reformatting . undesired line spacing would appear on pages . the list goes on , but who has the time to be more detailed . do yourself a favor and avoid the product . if you need to upgrade , check out the latest version of ms word , you will be far more satisfied i 'm sure
books neg 671.txt talk about taking the joy out of an experience . i read this book prior to a week-long trip to venice . this book quite simply accomplished none of its objectives . it is a poor & quot ; guidebook&quot ; and is poorly written and uninteresting in terms of a travelogue . the history and art of venice are covered better in books from those genres . the only upside is that it is short . yuck , what a waste of time . my advice is : get a novel about venice if you like novels , a guidebook if you want that , an art book , or a history book . at least you 'll get something out of those- -this one tries all of these and fails . actually , in terms of a travelogue , & quot ; vendela in venice&quot ; far surpassess any other venice book i have seen . although i originally bought it because it is considered a children 's book , it is not dumbed down at all and adults will enjoy it.. .
music neg 586.txt if this had been the first album in the " hip-hop hits " series , it would not be a promising start . there are a few decent tunes on here , but as someone who admired the quality of the earlier source albums , i must express an intense dislike for " hip hop hits vol.8 " . there used to be a time when the source gathered the biggest and best tracks from the rap indusrty for their compilations , now benzino has turned the series into a shameless promotion for his own favorites ( how else do you explain ja rule being here ? ) . here is a song-by-song analysis of this disaster : ( 1 ) youngbloodz feat . lil jon " damn " c- . this song is perfect example of why people are getting bored with " sothern crunk " . it 's lame and boring , as it shows lil jon becoming a one-trick pony . not a good song to open an album with . ( 2 ) wyclef " the industry " b . wyclef is very talented , but this song was never a hit . it should be heard for its quality though , even if it only touchs topics breifly . it is clear that wyclef is above most of his peers in everyway ; sorta like 2pac . ( 3 ) chingy " right thurr " b+. not my favorite rap song , its better than average though , it kinda grows on you . he reminds me of juvenile . it 's content is not original , but chingy makes it his own with a relaxed flow and style . ( 4 ) young gunz " ca n't stop , wo n't stop " c . if this standard work is what roca-a-fella has in it 's post-jay-z future , the label is going to be in real trouble . they 're good , but they have to be better than good to stand on their own . ( 5 ) westside connection feat . nate dogg " gangsta nation " b+. it was nice to see westside together again . the style and talent cover up for the somewhat standard material . at the bare minimum , the song is stylistic and very enjoyable . ( 6 ) ja-rule " clap back " d . this anti-eminem dis is just border line pathetic and lame . any eminem song is a bigger hit and better than ja rule 's weak new stuff . if ja rule wants to return to his position " pain is love " brought him to , he must work much harder . ( 7 ) kanye west " through the wire " c . kanye west has enjoyed chart success through alot of hype , but i find this song to be very pedestrian for rap . the lyrics do n't define kanye as an original rapper , and the use chaka kahn 's " through the fire " does n't make a very appealing beat . ( 8 ) gang starr " skills " c . the group is n't that good to begin with , and this song has none of the fun that " militia " had . gang starr has a decent , hardcore sound that needs to be refined in order to define themselves . ( 9 ) j-kwon " tipsy " b- .this song is fun to listen to , but that still does not make it any better than average . it 's not really about anything and gets kinda tiresome towards the end ; you may be looking at your watch . he 's too overpraised . ( 10 ) e-40 feat . clipse " quarterbackin " c+. the track is enjoyable but was never that popular and is pretty forgetable . e-40 and clipse just are n't that talented . it almost feels as if it was made strictly for the " madden football " video games " . ( 11 ) fabolous feat . tamia " into you " a . just great , hip hop with style and substance . it 's so nice to hear a gentler , more positive hip-hop songs ; one that does n't hammer the listener , but brings out emotions lightly . he is one of the best rappers of 2003 ; with both his album and it 's singles . ( 12 ) t.i. " be easy " c- . he has been compared to jay-z and nelly ; despite the difference that he lacks the talent those artists have . plain , boring , generic rap from an artist who ofers nothing new to the game ; no more needs to be said . one must also wonder why this was chosen over his bigger ( not exactly better though ) hits " rubber band man " and " let 's get away " . ( 13 ) cassidy feat . r . kelly " hotel " b- . a sorta fun track , r . kelly does as much as possible , but he even he ca n't make cassidy sound original . to be honest , this was a huge top 10 hit though ; so it kinda does belong here . ( 14 ) ying yang twins feat . lil ' jon & the east side boyz " salt shaker " b+. surprisingly , the beat and production make this song rather entertaining . it 's much more fun than it has the right to be ; given the non-spectacular artists involved . ( 15 ) scarface " recognize " c- . scarface used to be an exceptional rapper , but now he 's trying to regain glory that is no longer his . why listen to this , when you could just buy his older albums ? ( 16 ) the untouchables featuring benzino " relationship with me & my gun " c- .just a standard benzino track tacked on for shameless self-promotion . i would n't mind so much if the songt had actually been worth listening to . atleast " bang ta dis " on " vol.5 " was a good song . bottom line : *1 / 2. benzino has ruined the once great source series in the blink of an eye . if you want to hear a great source album , buy " hip hop hits vol.4 " ; a source album with the biggest and best raps of 2000. a few good tracks are not enough to balance out all the mediocre ones . to put it in short terms : with so many good compilations out there , why spend money on a bad one ? i would not buy this album with a gift card .
dvd neg 267.txt i 've been wanting to see this movie and i finally did on logo . i 'm just happy i waited untill it came on tv . i though it was going to be way better considering what reviewers everywhere said about it . the romance was slim to none . i thought the other guy on the cover was going to have a bigger role . well , i wo n't say too much without destroying the movie for those who have not seen it . anyway , i would much rather watch beautiful thing , get real , all over the guy & the incredibly true adventure of two girls in love
dvd neg 348.txt patton oswalt is funny and my two stars is not because of his performance . it 's because of comedy central mangling the dvd version . the show was originally broadcast on comedy central , and as such it was cut down to about 40 minutes so it could fill a one-hour time slot with commercials . the dvd has the original show , and then in the bonus section , it has " deleted scenes , " which are the parts of the full-length concert that were cut for time . so , you can watch the time-edited show , or you can watch the out-of-context segments that were taken out . but what you ca n't do , and what i have to think any chimpanzee able to use sign language would know you would want to do , is see the original full-length show in its entirety . so , cheers for patton , boos for cc . i wo n't be buying the dvd and that 's why .
software pos 306.txt i 've been manually doing my taxes for the last few years . they were n't hard as much as time consuming . turbo tax turned an all day project into just a couple of hour
books pos 550.txt we have used this book as a text for discrete math courses in our undergraduate computing engineering and systems program ( university of los andes , colombia ) . there are a lot of advantages using this approach instead of the classical one ( e.g. , people really learn to prove and learn to write correct proofs ) . however , to grasp these ideas you have to be patient and open minded . when other reviewers give 1 star to the book it is clear for me that perhaps they were expecting something magical that did not occur . this presentation of logic and its applications to informatics provides an excellent way to learn and really use the knowledge in the praxis . in chapter 8 you go seamlessly from propositional to higher order logic . sums and logical quantifications are , for example , treated in an uniform way . maybe the type concept is not so fine explained , but one has to remember that this is an introductory book . 5 stars , of course
software neg 124.txt i trusted that this software would do what it claimed to do and was so let down by its lack of performance that i am dumbfounded and left speechless . during backup process i selected about 15gb of info to backup , spanning 4 dvds . everything looked fine , except for two ( 2 ) simple errors that i received , indicating that those related files may not have been copied / backed up properly . i figured no big deal , 2 files / errors out 15gb , i could handle that . based upon the false pretenses that my critical info was backed up properly ( simple pictures , videos , mp3 files and financial files to include previous years tax files ) , i then proceeded to slick my drive . remember , only 2 simple , benign and almost inconspicuous errors during the backup process . everything looked great . during the restore process , i then received numerous errors , each of them requiring me to click ' yes ' when asked if i wanted to proceed . i got tired of clicking yes around the 100 or so mark and decided to click no . when you click ' no ' , everything is undone ; there is no ' ignore all ' function so i had to sit through every prompt and got tired of it and decided that proceeding with 1000 files and answering yes would involve too much pain for me . i then selected a smaller group of files to have restored , only the ' my documents ' folder but ran into the same situation . eventually i ran a test on a small folder to have restored and still ran into the errors but pressed through . hardly any of the files were received error free and those that had issues were never restored . my guess is approximately 2 / 3 or 3 / 4 of my files were not restored and of course none that really mattered made it . i had the latest update applied to the program , so that should not be the cause . i would have done better to slick my entire hard drive without going through the backup process as i would have been at nearly the same place but without experiencing all the headaches , frustrations and an investment of hours , no days of my time . the program has been recently purchased by microsoft for inclusion in the vista os , i imagine . it will do well as a microsoft product , as it fails to deliver upon its promises
books pos 826.txt while this book , like its predecessor , is beautifully illustrated and a joy to read , it is the presentation of quiltmaking as a shared experience among family and friends that make both these books so special . i loved the first so much , i had to have this one the moment it appeared and it has only served to add to my list of pending projects
books pos 310.txt this is one of the best business books i 've ever read . mr. nocera says it took him six years to write this book , and i believe it . the amount of work that went into this book is obvious . this is an excellent piece of business journalism . the annotations and bibliography are thorough , and the overall writing and editing is top notch . mr. nocera covers a rich array of elements important to the development of the financial services industry over the last half of the 20th century : - automated teller machines ( atms ) - the bankamericard ( later visa ) - outdated banking regulations - black monday , october 19 , 1987 - jimmy carter 's futile attempts to wrestle runaway inflation in the late 1970 's - cash management accounts ( cmas ) - citibank ( later citicorp ) - deregulation of brokers ' commissions - growth of american consumer debt as a result of runaway inflation in the late 1970 's - america 's cultural adoption of the plastic credit card from the late 1950 's through 1993 - the direct marketing of credit cards to americans and its great success - america 's worship of star mutual fund managers like peter lynch during the 1980 's - the ineptitude of america 's elected officials to deregulate the banking industry in the face of dramatic changes in the financial services marketplace - the amazing impact money market mutual funds had on americans ' savings strategies given the inflexibility of the banking regulation q that capped savings deposit interest at around 5% while interest rates were as high as 16%+ in the early 1980 's - the significant growth and influence of fidelity investments and its leader ned johnson on the industry in the 1980 's - individual retirement accounts ( iras ) and their impact on the growing wealth of americans - the rise of nonbank banks and other non-financial companies getting into the financial services arena during the 1970 's and 1980 's - the pervasive impact and presence that andrew kahr had throughout the industry in creating new financial services products - the pollyana-ish impact of marshall loeb , editor of money magazine , had on " middle class " americans and their views of investing in securities - the amazing record of peter lynch despite the ever-growing size of the magellan fund - the slowness of merrill lynch to change along with the rest of the industry in de-emphasizing commission revenue versus asset management fees - the dramatic growth of mutual funds in the later half of the 20th century and all the billions the financial services industry makes from them each year - negotiable order of withdrawal ( now ) accounts - state laws on usury and how south dakota became the credit card capital of america - schwab 's onesource as the first ' mutual fund supermarket ' - the dramatic risks of writing naked put options in 1987 just before black monday and how it impacted charles schwab & co. - the impact of " reagonomics " on american wealth-building - the 1980 's bull market leading up to black monday - the wild success of first deposit 's first select card as designed by andrew kahr and the adverse reaction to it by consumers and watchdog groups - paul volcker 's anti-inflation policy of ratcheting up interest rates in the early 1980 's and his general resistance to deregulation of the banking industry - ted and nina wang 's amazing margin calls during and after black monday the author does a great job of depicting the very interesting characters that led the money revolution in the later half of the 20th century , including dee hock of visa , ned johnson of fidelity , peter lynch of fidelity , andrew kahr the product development consultant , roger lawson of fidelity , marshall loeb of money magazine , charles merrill of merrill lynch , president jimmy carter and his administration , donald regan of merrill lynch and the reagan administration , charles schwab , gerald tsai jr. of fidelity , paul volcker of the federal reserve , and walter wriston and john reed of citibank . the writing is crisp , clear , and easy to read . few books come out like this and mr. nocera is to be commended for this first rate work . if you are even mildly interested in any of the items listed above , you will enjoy this book . if you find the financial services industry fascinating and / or work in the industry , you will love this book . it 's a page turner ! the only drawback to this book is that it was published over a decade ago in 1994. so much has happened since then ! i encourage mr. nocera to pick up where he left off and put out a second edition that takes his readers up through 2005.
health neg 748.txt this straightener is great for thin hair.. . but not for thick . i myself have very thick hair and this straightener usually leaves my hair looking frizzy and very poofy . the best hair straighteners out there are about 1&quot ; thick or less and they normally have glass plates . so if you have thick hair , spend a little more money on something with a lot more quality
software neg 822.txt this os is not for any ordinary user . if you know nothing about drivers , peripherals , etc , then do n't get this os . lots of incompatability issues . i thought this os would make my gaming experience better , apparently it needs lots of work . ca n't play cs:s , day of defeat , lord of the rings online , etc. bf2142 and some other games play slower in vista compared to xp . i hardly write reviews , but i just want everyone to know that this os suxs ! stay with xp pro sp2. games move faster and load better and encoding video and editing software runs much much better on xp . it is n't worth getting right now , wait a year or two until it gets worked out . feels like beta , which it shouldn't . microsoft , you get a f - for your new os . you fail . nice try
health pos 776.txt for years i have had many a vacation ruined because i break out in hives with very little exposure to the sun . after my dermatologist recommended this product i tried it . two vacations later . . . not a single hive or sunburn . well worth the price . actually goes pretty far also
software pos 309.txt this is a great program for your mac.. . i 've used it in a film class the previous year and it took me a year to really get the hang of it . because it has no tutorial i recomend you find someone who has used this and get them to give you a few lessons
software pos 614.txt used this for a trip from nw of chicago to houghton , mi ( in the u.p. ) and it worked fairly well except through some hilly sections ( lost signal a few times ) . this works best when you have two people ( driver and navigator ) as looking over at a laptop while driving is n't a good thing ! would have been even better with voice prompts but at the price i would n't expect it
dvd pos 386.txt having drooled over the goodtimes dvd for years now , i did a flip and a half when i saw universal was releasing a widescreen dvd of this superhot love story . i refrained from doing two flips when i remembered it was universal and then saw no mention of special features . what ? look at the potential for bonuses ! there was an alternate ending , there were deleted scenes , how about a featurette ? ! argh ! i just wept and wept . and then months later the release date comes , i tear the dvd open and the movie starts automatically - i hit menu and get the nagging old " operation prohibited by disc " usually reserved for fast forwarding through those tired old fbi warnings . there 's not even a menu ! no scene selection . geez . do these corporate monoliths now require movies to be no older than 5 days old to have simple menus ? i 'd like to sit down and analyze the brilliance of sarandon and spader , note how spader 's hair changes near the end because of reshoots , but i 'm just too raving mad at universal right now .
health neg 640.txt printed all over the box are the words " with infrared heat " . the instructions state that you must add warm water to the machine before you start , and the infrared mechanism is supposed to maintain the water 's warm temperatures . this would n't be the case . the water cools in a matter of minutes after turning the bubbles and massage functions on . turning on the infrared light on top of the machine looks nice , but does nothing at all to keep the water warm .
health neg 874.txt terrible reception . tinny speaker . radio does not " remember " last used station when turned off . do n't waste your money
software neg 765.txt unfortunately , i had to return the product because it was defective . the first disk failed to load to my computer . i contacted punch technical staff and they were unable to help me with the problem . i tried on another computer in the house , and the same thing happened . i therefore returned the product
camera neg 877.txt this is another example of how sony is alienating its customer base . not only will it not work with standard sd memory like everyone else , it does not include a docking station . you have to shell out more money for that option . i dont think so
software pos 358.txt before purchasing this product i did the trial of photoshop for 30 days and then the trial of this one . paint shop pro ( psp ) won hands down ! while they both have similar features , the learning curve on photoshop is ridiculous...psp is so intuitive , you can figure out most of the features on your won , but the help feature is great...side by side help as you click through the menus and buttons . i was impressed ! the red-eye fix is excellent and flexible , with ability to change to pet eye , different eye colors , wow , there is just so much and all ready to use out of the box without any complicated aftermarket manuals needed . i have restored some antique photos with very impressive results . so far i have not had the instability issues that others cite , but my pc is heavy on the graphics capability and memory , perhaps that helps .
dvd pos 992.txt this dvd is way cool with a buch of sport themed episodes . first scooby and the gang help a baseball hero break a home run record , but the ghost of cab crag is n't too happy about having his record broken . then they compete in a off road race with a giant worm as a competitor - and what 's with the worm worshipers -i mean they go like whoo " a giant worm is our god , whoo we hate cars " . then they go to the bocephus wrestling facility . could they come up with a better name than bocephus ? there 's a really freaky creature which may scare your little sister . the last episode is , by far , the best . a hockey ghost is terrorizing the world cup hockey event . he 's one of the toughest ghosts ever , either that , or the russian police are the biggest whimps ever ! i think this dvd is a good buy if you are a scooby fan , just be prepared , it can get a little goofy . joey
books neg 620.txt this book is trying too hard to emphasize in being funny . it is filled with mediocre ' funny ' patters that the readers are encouraged to use , but the quality of the actual magic effects demonstrated is poor . balancing two forks on the edge of a glass should not be considered magic . once you read a few samples , the reading becomes stifling , knowing that you are not going to learn anything new that other magic books cannot teach you . some areas are brighter : the photos are clear , and it blends magician bios and history within . but one can do better with other books around
music neg 178.txt a mix of the softest chessyest mushy reggae from the 80s . do n't even bother.. .
dvd neg 144.txt it has been a long time since i read the novel upon which this book is based , but i do clearly remember it making sense . this movie does n't even make sense ( to quote a chicken i know ) . marlon brando somnambulizes his way through the film and , instead of coming off as sinister , menacing , and dominating , he makes dr. moreau into a joke . val kilmer 's portrayal is vacuous and silly . is the character supposed to be under the influence ? i guess he wanted it portrayed that way . the script ? is there one ? moreau talks about having almost reached his goal . where ? his one " son " and his " daughter " do have some fine traits , but both are also pretty ineffectual . several reviews have mentioned the special effects . i actually saw very few special effects . the rat-people on the boat were creepy and well-done , and some of the characters did make some superhuman moves , but mostly i saw people in very elaborate , well-done costumes , using well-distorted voices . the central character , played by david thewlis , should have been the focus of the movie , as he is the narrator . he kept getting lost in the shuffle , and i kept waiting for him to see things that i saw , and to ask the questions that i would have asked . i like him as an actor , but this is certainly not a memorably good performance . it is somewhat ironic that he is the witness to animal-human hybrid horror here , but is the werewolf in " harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . " the film does create a sense of the nightmare . several of the characters do show glimpses of depth and genuineness , most notably ron perlman 's preacher , but then he 's well-practiced , from his " beauty and the beast " television series . that was what ( barely ) earned this film its second star . let 's vote them all off the island , and start over . robert duvall as moreau ? replace kilmer with matt damon ? casey affleck replacing david thewlis
camera neg 635.txt i own the olympus fe-100 digital camera , and it came with unchargeable batteries ( oxyride ) . i switched to energizer batteries and bought an energizer 4-battery charger that can be had for less than the price of half a tank of gas . it 's not a quick charger like this one , but i say for less than half the investment , i 've got a charger that does the job . i would not spend this kind of money on a charger . so i say , if you 're part of the " gotta have it now " generation , you definitely pay for convenience . otherwise , charge your batteries more slowly ( 2-3 hours ) and save a lot of money
health neg 457.txt this does n't even deserve 1 star . this supposed " relaxation " gadget was a complete waste of time and money . it had no heat as advertised and the vibration just left my ears itching . ( ... ) instead of relaxing , it has increased my stress level 150% ! ! ( ...
software pos 467.txt i really like this program . i have purchased three different bible programs for my pda and this one is by far the best of the three .
dvd neg 153.txt if this movie was ever going to have a chance , it needed to be about 4 or 5 hours long , or never attempted in the first place . some books adapt well to being edited and condensed as a screenplay - possession just ca n't be dealt with that way . what you have as a result is another story entirely . there just was n't time enough , i guess , to develop the characters , or even to include half of them . the only character true to the book and left almost intact was sir george . the rest were stripped of their layers and everything that made them fascinating , and we are left with painful stereotypes and , in the case of roland michell , a character who seems to have wandered on to the wrong set during filming . my best advice is that if you 've read the book , skip the movie , but if you saw the movie , you should do yourself a favor and get the book
music pos 857.txt i have listened to this cd for the last several years before going to sleep at night . i love classical music , and this is great music to help make my soul feel at peace and unwind after a taxing day .
books pos 801.txt the book was less than i expected and it is brand new thanks a lot
music pos 157.txt this was the first punk-o-rama cd i listened to , and boy i was not dissapointed . most of the songs on this cd are the type of punk i would listen to , quite fast and energetic . the best song on the cd has to be either nofx - bath of least resistance ( nofx being the greatest punk band of all time , of course ) , or beatsteaks - let me in . i heard the beatsteaks for the first time on this cd and there absolutely bloody excellent . obviously , the cd is made complete with songs from the descendents , pulley , pennywise , dropkick murphy's . the only let down on this cd is noise conspiracy , there song on this cd , well plainly sucks i 'm sorry to say . but overall this cd is one hell of a good listen if your into punk . that 's all , oh yeah , buy it ! by
books pos 863.txt i ordered this book primarily for the benefit of my 7 year old son . we 're doing a research project on oceans , and while we have a few good resources , i felt this one , with its 3d imagery , would more likely capture and hold his attention . what i did n't realize was how thoroughly it would capture and hold mine . for me , 3d had always meant multicolored plastic glasses and headaches . though the book was described as stereoscopic , i did n't understand what that meant . stereography was something new for me , even if as a form of photography it is over 150 years old . this is not a matter of red and blue separations ; the 3d results from the human eye 's trick of blending 2 photos taken ( simultaneously ) an eye 's width apart . photographer mark blum is a pioneer in the art of underwater 3d photography , and his work is beautifully displayed here . everyone i 've shown this book to has been fascinated by it , and i fully expect that when we 've finished with our project the book will find its way to permanent display in my home
music neg 321.txt i can understand that robin felt a need to include some of the biggest bee gees hits to appease the fans , but the ones that were sung by barry are below wretched here . robin frequently disappears in the sound mix , becoming little more than one of a group singing harmony . that 's fine for a group concert , like the bee gees , but inexcusable for a solo effort . his stiff between song talk sounds like a bad lounge act . they should have kept this in the can . it seems like it is meant as little more than a money grab for robin . do n't do him the favor
music pos 471.txt i can only say that this was my favorite record of last year . this record is hard to find in your local record store , so search it out.. . incredible - ca n't wait to hear more !
books neg 543.txt i picked this book up a couple days ago with a few others , hoping to learn about america 's prison system . i think our prison system is horrible and i was hoping that this book would give me some more information on the topic . unfortunately , in the first twenty pages of the book , elsner claims that america imprisons 704 people per every 10 , 000 citizens . if you do the math , that equals 7% of our population . 7% of our population is greater than the population of the state of new york . according to this author , there are more people in prison in this country than live in the state of new york . before you get too worried , let me reassure you that this is not the case . america imprisons 736 people per *100 , 000* citizens ( as of 5 / 06 ) , or .736% of the population . this is the highest rate in the entire world , so there 's no need to move the decimal point to make it seem more dramatic . for comparison , stalin had .771% of his citizens imprisoned in the gulags during the height of the purges . again , there 's really no need to exaggerate america 's rate of incarceration . what disappoints me is that this error is not simply a typo on one page , but is repeated several times . apparently the author actually believes we imprison 7% of our population , and the editors at prentice hall think that makes sense as well , as do all the luminaries who glowingly endorsed this book on the back cover . personally , i ca n't take anything this author says seriously if there are errors so blatant a novice in the subject can them pick out , on the first twenty pages no less . if a subject as basic as prison population is exaggerated by a power of 10 , how do we know the rest of the book is n't off by a power of 10 ? elsner makes prison reform advocates look like the bunch of uninformed dreamers conservatives like to imagine . do n't buy this book
dvd neg 307.txt js concert was the most boring thing i have ever seen on dvd ! my cat was more interested in watching it then i was , and that was only because of jessica 's frilly costumes ! the sound system stank ! i was expecting her voice to echo like crazy . all of jessica 's songs were about expressing her love for nick . this dvd is so boring i 'm falling asleep just trying to figure out what to say about it . oh yeah...her vocals were too breathy , that pink thing she wore looked like a flamingo caught in a shredder , and she should have left take my breath away alone ! nick did n't take her breath away she took his when she decided to walk out of their marriage ! nick will be siniging i 'm taking half away ! , and jessica will be singing i should have prenup
software pos 482.txt i 've used version 2003 and enjoyed it thoroughly . i primarily used it for school with different classes and notes for each . what was great is that is consolidates everything in a way that makes it easy to retrieve your notes . it also makes it easy to generate reports based on the tagging feature . the tags allow you to highlight and gather key points of information that make writing papers a breeze . when working with paper , this was not always an easy task to take on . several weeks ago , i downloaded the trial version of onenote 2007. the improvements are rather subtle , but powerful . it did n't take anything to get comfortable with the new features . after a short time with the trial version i just purchased it because it was so much fun . here are some of the beneficial features : -like a paper notebook you have sections , but with onenote 2007 you can have as many sections as you like . -you can easily link pages to outlook . i have linked appointments to a series of notes and support files for various projects and meetings . it makes being organized for a meeting a breeze . -also , it 's a great way to archive emails in a way that allows you to see them and organize them as you wish . you can empty your in box and at the same time keep a record of important emails . well worth your time . -it is also tablet friendly if you use a tablet pc like i do . i love it for that use . there is a fantastic text recognition feature that works extremely well . if you use a tablet , this is a great feature . -as was with the earlier version , you can add voice content to your notes . that 's right , voice recorded messages can be added to your notes . too cool . before you buy , you might want to go to the microsoft site and download the trial version . you 'll be able to assess for yourself . i think you 'll be pleased . i fond it to be one of the best products for ' electronic file keeping ' that i 've used . for the price , it 's not a bad deal .
dvd pos 222.txt barbershop is a rare event in african-american filmmaking . it 's one of the few that actually tells a fairly accurate story of what life is like for african-americans . i love the fact that the movie showed how diverse the african-american community is ; we see black people from different walks of life and different lifestyles shown onscreen . i really liked this movie . we definitely need more films like this calvin is the owner of a chicago barbershop passed on to him by his late father . mired in debt from the shop and his crazy business schemes , calvin is desperate to start something of his own and feels that the barbershop is a hindrance on his life . it 's not until he sells the barbershop to a loan shark that he realizes the value of the shop to the community and sees a role for himself in the neighborhood . there are a dozen other stories that link to this main one and they 're all easy to follow . one follows a stolen atm machine , one follows the quest for love of an african immigrant , another follows a female barber and her cheating boyfriend , another follows a guy desperate for a haircut to go to a job interview , and yet another follows a white barber 's quest for acceptance by the black barbers he works with . in a way , this film reminded me of those great ensemble movies like pulp fiction that follow many characters and their stories . each of the stories lead up to the ending where calvin saves the barbershop . director tim story does a great job of capturing life in chicago and the informal environment of the barbershop . i felt the spirit of the windy city and the informal environment of the barbershop . watching the conversations in the movie reminded me of the barbershop in harlem my father used to take me to when i was a boy . it also reminded me of the charged atmosphere of the old barbershop i used to go to get my flat-top trimmed ( both are closed now . ) : ( there are a ton of great performances in this movie ; i 'm probably going to miss mentioning a few people . ice cube is great as calvin . i liked his performance here . michael ealy stands out in his role as an ex-con trying to turn his life around by becoming a barber . ealy makes you feel his characters ' desperation . cedric the entertainer makes a breakthrough performance as an old barber . he 's funny and poignant . sean nelson is great as an educated man who works as a barber while going to college . anthony anderson and larenz tate are hilarious as two bumbling thieves who steal an atm with no money in it . watching them try to open will make you laugh . keith david is creepy as the loan shark . then again , keith david is always good in anything he does . i 'd pay money to watch him and sam jackson read listings in the yellow pages . i do n't know why movie critics and the rev . jesse jackson denounced barbershop , it 's one of the best movies ever made about african-american life . looking at the box office of barbershop and diary of a mad black woman , african-americans actually want more films like this . as a black moviegoer i want different black films that allow the world to see the whole community , not just one small part of it . i for one and tired of the " hood " movies like never die alone , and critically acclaimed movies like monster 's ball and hustle & flow that depict black life as something negative . ( thankfully , it seems the rest of the black community is tired of these types of movies too , the box office and dvd sales for them is declining while the box office for movies like barbershop and diary of a mad black woman are going up . ) end of rant , back to the review . a shawn james essential five star video . you must buy this movie . get some friends together put the dvd in the machine , pull up a chair and have a seat in front of the tv and hang out at the barbershop .
dvd pos 744.txt i have always been a fan of movies that mix special effect animation with live action and the mask is no exception . i would also have to say that the mask is one of a kind in terms of unique films . there are many good things about this film aside from the well written script and good acting but i think the one thing that shines the most about the mask is the special effects and the humor that goes along with it . for those of you who do n't know , a big portion of the effects and humor from this movie stem from the old tex avery cartoons such as droopy the dog and the lone wolf who lusts after the nightclub dancer in a red dress ( this feature is shown in the bonus section of the dvd ) . these kind of cartoons were always my favorite growing up aside from looney tunes . getting back on the subject , what i also found thrilling about the mask is how well the dog milo was trained to perform certain task . if you have seen this movie , you know what i 'm talking about . the training of the dog is also shown in the bonus section of the dvd . the movie itself was a take-off of the comic series of the mask . though not quite as dark as the comics , the film itself managed to portray enough adult humor and semi-violence so that the mask would not be deemed as a children 's film hence the pg-13 rating . a big plus to the mask was how jim carrey portrayed the different character traits of stanley ipkis and stanley ipkis wearing the mask . another big plus about this movie is the main villain getting hold of the mask . and of course , who can dislike ben stein 's typical character of a monotone man with sarcastic remarks ? oh , and cameron diaz is an absolute babe in this movie as well . as for the dvd , this re-release is an improvement from the previous . you get 5.1 surround sound along with a crisp widescreen picture . the added bonus features are also great and should be viewed to appreciate what was put in to making this movie
software neg 877.txt after purchasing this product , i found there were several problems with scanning . i contacted nuance ( who purchased scansoft ) to ask for assistance from technical support . however , i then learned they want $9.95 for each incident when a request is made by email . not by phone - by email . after putting out a great deal of money for this product , i should not have to pay $9.95 for assistance with each issue that is a problem with their product . save yourself a great deal of grief and avoid this product . i regret that amazon does not allow me to give this product " 0 " stars .
music pos 147.txt i bought this recording along with blood on the tracks recently and all i can say is " doggonit " it do n't get any better than this . they called elvis the king but bob dylan must be the " wizard " . who will tell us great stories when he is gone ?
books pos 596.txt this is ann waldron 's best mcleod dulaney mystery yet . the characters are so lively and well-drawn they literally walk right off the page ( and , in some cases , right into your heart ) . the setting- -the princeton theological seminary- -is perfect ( a perfect place for a murder , that is ) , and the plot is downright diabolical . are you in the mood for some humorous , mysterious and sinfully well-written fun ? then do yourself a favor and read this delightful book
music neg 128.txt i 've never written a review , but i just wanted to let you know if you buy this album you are a complete idiot , and you 're killing hip-hop . stop killing my music
camera neg 516.txt i bought this almost exactly 2 years ago , and i turned it on the other day and went to take a picture indoors that required a flash , and the flash would not work . it was set to automatic flash . using the auto setting , i thought there used to be 3 flash settings ( auto , forced flash and no flash ) , but now there were only 2. i took it outside on a sunny day and used the auto flash , and the flash went off outside ! something is messed up and it has the light and dark confused . thinking i hit something and changed a setting , i reset it to the factory defaults and it still does n't work . it will probably be too expensive to get it fixed , and it 's weird but i just upgraded to a nikon d50. i must have known this camera was about to die . even when it worked , half the time pictures came out blurry . i either got fantastic crystal clear shots or blurry ones as if the auto focus missed . maybe the camera was defective the entire time i had it . no more canons for me
books neg 904.txt a gold sticker on this book 's cover reads & quot ; winner of the nobel prize for literature . &quot ; do n't be mislead . the sticker must refer to the author not the book . while he no doubt received the prize , after wading through the work i ca n't believe it was for this piece of work . i found the book exceedingly boring , a chore to read every step of the way . as the iberian peninsula physically separates from europe , several unengaging and underdeveloped characters ( the most interesting of which was a dog ) wander from one destination to another with meager purposes , certainly none i cared about . while the book may have been intended as an allegory for portugal 's relationship with the rest of europe and the european union , it failed to strike a chord . i 'll chalk this book up as something only a pulitzer prize judge would love
books pos 737.txt i should first confess my bias- -i have often been tickled and sometimes awed by mortimer 's way with english prose for 20 years . so , in picking up this book i had the high expectations one might have before meeting an old friend or beloved teacher . no disappointment . even if some of these essays are slightly less effervescent than others , all are at least wonderful , and several are both brilliant and touching . mortimer has given us a collection of short essays , conversational and often wryly funny , which he intends as a kind of spiritual bequeathal to his family and other heirs . the chapters range across a broad range of subjects , some perhaps outwardly frivolous , like the cooking of eggs . but in the main , mortimer touches on matters of great substance- -the nature of beauty , how to be happy , surprising ways in which our world has managed to be unjust , places and times for sex , how to dine sociably , the love of children , faith and reason , the terrors of the writer facing blank paper , and many more . i found these essays to be wise and absolutely delicious . i suspect that readers who have enjoyed rumpole , or mortimer 's other biographical essays like summer of a doormouse , or clinging to the wreckage , will be quite pleased with these sketches . mortimer may , sadly , be nearing the end of his life , but at present he seems to be on a literary tear . i , for one , wish him many more prolific years
health pos 432.txt excellent product , easy to mount and the clarity of the mirror is great
music pos 548.txt this is one of his older cds , but one of my favorites . the music is smooth and wonderful to listen to . great cd after a long day or to play on a special night
music pos 391.txt i bought this cd six months ago because i am a miami vice fan . i did n't expect it to be good , but it is wonderful . & quot ; in dulce decorum&quot ; is incredible ! this is a hard-to-find cd . you will love it ! i enjoy it more with each playing
dvd pos 605.txt i really enjoyed this movie and felt it was better than the remake . both this one and the new one hold to a very similar story line
books pos 367.txt elaine pagels is a wonderful writer . her explanation into early christianity is wonderful . it is definitely worth the time to read this . she delves into the politics of the early church , the passion , the resurrection , as well as the clashes between gnostic and orthodox thinking . too often , we forget that what we call the canon is not the only writings available . she just reminds us that there is this whole other world of writings that did not make it into the bible for one reason or another . if you want to get an idea of who the gnostics were , read this
music pos 349.txt i bought this out of a cut rack for $3.99. it sat in my cd tower for at least 5 years before i ever really listened to it.i could n't stand the way it sounded over my stereo and i came close to trading it.i brought it to work and put my headphones on and it sounds like a completely different album.i really like the whole experience . i 'm lucky i brought it up here-it was going nowhere at home but i 'm playing it a couple of times a day over my headphones . i do n't know anything about this band , i bought it on a whim , but i 'd reccommend this album and i may follow up on this band
health neg 852.txt i was very eager to use this product . i had all sorts of various files and clippers to keep up with and i thought this would be a great replacement . i was a little disappointed when i had to let the hand set charge for over 18 hours before i could get full power . my disappointment increased when the cheap plastic attachments started breaking after just a few uses . we can not use the nail filing disks because they will cause a friction pain if you use them at the wrong angle . i had big hopes for this product but all i got was a big disappoinment
software pos 38.txt & #65279 ; sandra ; hope you get to read this before giving up on this great little program . check your printer drivers and spooler . i 'm as close to a computer guru as you 'd want having played with computers in general and pc 's in particular since the heady early days of sinclair , kildall , and adam osborne . installed hallmark card studio on my beloved 's machine several years back . was immediately impressed with how thoughtfully programed for the beginner - my lady took to it immediately - and yet how full featured it was for an advanced user ( only wish could import export data to other address books , and would n't it be great to have a palm conduit ? ! - ) ( i digress ! - ) . every new version just gets better to the point 2004 has close to two gigs of cards and imagery . in short , sandra hallmark card studio 2004 is a keeper . now , approve of your using 98se , i recommend to my students ( yes i teach computing ) not to go beyond 98se and certainly not to connect anything from ms to the internet beyond 98se ( little thing code name of palladium ! - ( there can be problems with corrupting printer drivers and notably spool32. try removing your printer under start & #62 ; settings & #62 ; printers , restart your computer with the printer on and reinstall . hope this helps and you learn to enjoy this little gem of a program . hb
music pos 696.txt one ca n't go wrong with this one . a classic , which according to the well written liner notes was recorded 3 days after opening night . and , a pit orchestra that sounds like a pit orchestra...before the days of electronic music
books neg 194.txt i 'm not a cosmologist , but stephen hawking 's universe was so simply written it is essentially condescending . the language is akin to the level one would read in a newspaper . moreover , the pictures are second rate pre-contact lense hubble knock-offs ( despite being published in 1997 ) , and the book has very little to do with stephen hawking . sure , he wrote the foreward and did some editing , but it lacks the wit and wonder of a hawking work . naming the book after him and putting his picture on the front is misleading . i am a chemist , and despite this , filkin 's descriptions of chemical discoveries left even me guessing because he was attempting to dumb-down ideas that are n't dumb-downable , and did n't include diagrams which would be helpful for anyone trying to understand the concepts ( like neutrino capturing or particle acceleration ) . if you want to learn some cosmology , read & quot ; a brief history of time&quot ; or & quot ; a short history of the universe&quot ; . these are simply written but informative works that wo n't leave you waiting for substance
books pos 30.txt i have probably close to a dozen or more people i know , including myself , that have read this and had great results removing all sorts of chronic symptoms .
camera pos 409.txt for its size and price , this little light ca n't be beat . very transportable and produces a dramatic influence on the image quality of evening shoots indoors . i think this is a must have for camcorder owners . my vhs family movies shot over 20 years ago are still a source of pure joy , so i see this as a miniscule investment for the long-term return .
software neg 260.txt this game was a little too hard for my tastes . despite the fact that i played at the junior level i managed to get killed shortly after starting out . i also had to restart the game to figure out what my room number was because once i left the room i could n't find my way back ( all the corridors look alike ) . so far i 've fallen down an elevator shaft , gotten caught breaking and entering , been crushed by an elevator , frozen to death and been hit over the head...i 've got to ask is this really appropriate for children
music neg 447.txt when the preview aired , i was pushing the movie to all my friends , based on the hilarity of the preview . at that time , i skeptically said , " i hope these do n't turn out to be the only funny parts . " and that was exactly what happened . the rest of the movie was full over overdone gross jokes , crass humor that went way over the line and kept running . the pee joke was funny once , but even at that one time they overdid it , then overdid it again , and then again . the harry potter parts were hilarious ! jack sparrow was awesome ! but i wished i had not been forced to watch the rest of the crap just to see a few funny parts of the movie . it 's another scary movie ( 1 ) deal , only worse ! i love the newest scary movies , they are funny , but 1 really sucked . it was funny now and then , but a lot of it was stupid . so is epic movie , only worse . do n't waste your money buying it . rent and fast forward .
music pos 298.txt i 'm only giving this 5 stars because the actual recordings are priceless . however i 'm telling you now . do not buy this album this is stolen goods and the recordings that are on this cd are not even of the finest quality . this is purely a commercial album released by the record company without the permission of jack off jill 's members . and thus they recieve no royalties for the selling of this album . fear not though . you can get the tracks off this album completely free and in better quality . agent moulder of jack off jill has remastered and released them on her website for your downloading pleasure . you can find them here : t-c-r.net / jojmusic while you are there check out and support her new band tcr , and their new album ' the chrome recordings' . singer jessicka also has an amazing new band if you did n't already know . check her and scarling . out at scarling.com god bless jack off jill .
dvd pos 473.txt millionaire fredrick loren played by a young vincent price invites five strangers to a party in the house on haunted hill . with his delectable wife annabel in tow , he has set the strangers a task of sorts , if they can spend one night locked in the house he will give them $10 , 000 each , however there is a bit of a catch to this seemingly generous offer , the house has seen several brutal murders and is reputed to be haunted . one of the guests in the house was even related to one of the victims and he is emphatic that the whole house is haunted and that they are all doomed because of what they are doing . at midnight the door is locked and everyone in the house waits to see what will happen next , and very soon all are locked into a game of terror and murder as the house on haunted hill takes on a life of its own , but there is a twist in the tale that is deliciously surprising as it is fun . i enjoyed this film , it was n't overly suspenseful , but there are enough scenes to make you jump every now and then , the special effects were none-existent and there was a lot of screaming and shrieking from the character norah a young woman who appears to be being targeted by the ghosts in the house . all in all a hokum of a movie but great fun all the same .
health pos 226.txt i like this cutter . i can use it by itself or with its accessaries . even when the batteries are low i can still nip those little overnight hairs . works for me !
music pos 533.txt 1990. it dose n't seem like that lond ago . when a barley known mariah carey stuns the world with a powerful 5 octave voice that hase n't been heard since minnie ripperton . she made her appearance when she signed on to columbia records after the now forgotten brenda k . starr , whom mariah was a backup singer for at the time , gave tommy mottola a demo tape of her songs and the rest was history . now about the album . the album starts off with her first single " vision of love " a powerful song that spent weeks atop the charts and made mariah a star . you can feel the suspence as mariah builds up to the bridge and gives the world their first hearing of her beautiful 5 octave voice . truly to this day , still one of her best songs . " there 's got to be away " changes pace from love to world issues that are still relevent today . this was released as a single in the u.k. ( it was n't released in the u.s. for fear that it would break her string of four number one hits ) yet it failed to chart . " someday " is the next song and was the albums third single . it too hit number one in 1991. this song is great to hear after a breakup as mariah warns an ex-lover that " the one you gave away will be the only one your looking for . " this song may seem a little out dated now as it still has some heavy 80 's synth beats . " i do n't want to cry " was the albums fourth and , in the u.s. , the last release . it too hit number one in the summer of 1991 and within a year mariah had a whopping four number one hits under her belt . something that will not be accomplished for a long , long time . though mariah has declared her hatred for the song as she fought over the production of the song and was dissatisfied with the final product , the song still has all the work of a great mariah song and it is the only song that mariah does not hit her famous whistle register with . " vanishing " , though never becoming a single , is probably one of the best mariah recordings . a gospel like song with amazing vocals over a pounding piano is enough to make anyone think their in heaven . though the song is spookey enough at the chorus when she softly coos " swiftly you 're vanishing , drifting away . " it has also been called a " hidden treasure " by many reviewers . " all in your mind " is another song that realy showcase mariah 's vocal capabilities . though this is one of the few songs that sound dated , but definatly worth a listen . " alone in love " is a song that is soft and pleading would make anyone run back to mariah . truley a mariah great . the next two songs , " you need me " and " sent up from above , " really are the weakest tracks on the album and do bring down the feel of the album . they also sound dated and are not the style in which mariah is famous for . still , every mariah song is worth a listen , so go for it ! " prisoner " is a truley a great mariah tune . though this has a rock influence as well , she does a great job with the vocals and the lyrics stay insode your head . this almost became a single in the u.s. but mariah finished her new album quicker than originaly planned . " love takes time " truly will have a place in my heart . every time i hear this song it takes me back to 1990 , almost like a little time machine . putting this song on her first record almost did n't happen , as mariah har intended it to be on her next record . though tommy mottola and other executives persuaded her to . the style is not that different than " vision of love , " where it build untill the brige where mariah lets off her signature high note . this was also the second single of the album and became her second number one in late 1990. though music box , daydream , and the emancipation of mimi would go onto break records and are considered some of mariah 's best albums , there is no way you can leave this one out . this album truley is the one that started it all . to this date it has gone 9x platinum and made carey into a star and would be the start of years and years of great music from the voice of this generation . though this album was heavily criticized for being to similar and formulaic to paula abdul , janet jackson , and especially whitney houston , it still ranks as one of the best albums of the 90 's and of all time . for some people this album may be a time capsule of 1990 and for others who are now expiriencing this music for the first time one fact will always be true . this is one of the best debuts and albums ever and was the start of a simple long island girl named mariah carey , who became a superstar .
music pos 267.txt i 'm a bit surprised by the negative reviews , this cd is amazing . it 's not anything like soundgarden or audioslave - but it 's amazing none-the-less . every song on here is beautifully written , and , as always , cornell 's voice does n't disappoint . it 's different , but one of my new favorite cds
health pos 740.txt i purchased this dryer for my wife . it took me a long time to find it since all hair dryers come with 1600 to 1850 watts power setting . my wife 's hair is thick and long , so she did n't want get anything below 2000 watts . this one is light , powerfull and handy . i strongly recommend it
health neg 715.txt the chenille cover is very soft and nice to the touch , however , it does not allow for the cold from the gelpack to penetrate . the 1 star rating is only for using this product as a cold pack . i had intended to use it as a cold mask only .
software pos 367.txt silent and reliable protection at a bargain price . simple interface , not like those other fragmented bundles of freeware utilities .
books neg 275.txt bill , when will you just die ? if you read this feel free to email me evan.fett@gmail.co
camera pos 250.txt there 's no question that paying $100 or more will get you a better monopod . but for $16 the sima smp-1 is a tremendous value . i have a sony dsc-w5 digital camera and have done everything i can think of to reduce camera-shake in low-light photos . this monopod has been great for adding stability and making my photos less blurry . the key is that it is small enough and light enough that i can take it almost wherever i go . and because it 's so small , i can bring it in to places that would frown upon a tripod . a monopod is not a total replacement for a tripod . but this monopod is now the only addition to my camera that i take on trips
software pos 687.txt i 'm a pc mechanic . i have been using ad-aware with ad-watch ( now called ad-aware plus ) for the last 5 years . it 's pretty good at what it does , but there is newer technology that is going to replace it soon . i 've never had any problems with these program - it does not add any malware - it removes it . however , using ad-aware and ad-watch to their fullest does take some computer savvy - as it seems does any anti-malware on the market these days . all of the other runtime problems the other reviewers here have reported are " fixable " by using the controls and tweaks in the software , so that you are not overprotecting your system - one example , the pop-up blocker in ad-watch is adjustable as to its intensity . however , this requires changing two settings - one in ad-watch itself and one in ad-aware . and , yes , at times , i have had to turn ad-watch off to download a file or see a popup i wanted . soooo ? software these days is not as " automatic " as the companies would have you believe . if you 're not willing to take the time to learn ( which also means going to the company 's online user forums and asking questions ) , just stick with what windows offers , do n't use outlook or outlook express ( major source of malware on pcs ) and only look at websites you know are safe . ( kinda like the safest form of sex is abstinence - the safest form of surfing is none ! ! !
dvd neg 929.txt this movie has been done over and over again , with different actors and by different directors , but the plot is stale and has gotten extremely boring . do n't bother with another cookie cutter movie of this kind... . buy something original or save your money
dvd neg 953.txt this is a bad movie not only because it does n't fit chronologically in terms of feel and content . it 's like this film attempts to create turtles psychaitry 101. each turtle attempts to work on and / or completely vanquish their weaknesses . leo learns to be a better leader by being a better individual ninja , mikey learns to be caring and heroic in addition to his usual humorous banter , raphael learns to control his temper by doing peaceful things while befriending children , and i believe that donny falls in love . it 's been awhile since i 've seen this film so i may have that last thing wrong . more than ten years have passed since i saw this stinker and although i do n't remember every minute detail the problems that i had with it are enormous . first , the time travel plotline is a risky stretch for this series even though the conception of the turtles is vaguely sci-fi . the television series and films have n't really gleamed upon that aspect , instead relying on action , humor , and pseudo wisdom from splinter to pass off a complete and perfect product . in my opinion the separate storylines of the turtles is what ruines the movie and that is the result of the time travel plot . in particular , leo 's and raphael 's storylines simply drag the film down in an obvious way by placing them within contexts they should never be in . the pathos in these scenes is just too thick and is best in this series when it was dished out in moments . they just feel heavy handed . that 's not to say mikey 's plotline is n't just as bad , but he 's allowed to get away with some of it because the kids are pretty cute , but the scene with the house burning down is right out of a war movie and is not exhilarating at all . secondly , the action is just not there as it was before . sure , it 's still pretty bloodless , but the scenes are few and far between and boring . the turtles have been robbed of their seemingly invincible skills when they work together and the action has been in a more battlefield context so it loses a lot of it 's previous effects of catharsis . it felt like i was watching the history channel special about the history of the turtles war in japan and they lost . also , the explosion at the end inside the bell was straight out of a warner brothers cartoon and not in character with the turtles . having the bad guy killed off with the bomb would have been inappropriate too . i 'm just the kind of guy who likes ( in these kinds of movies ) the bad guys to get a death that you do n't have to see , or feel the impact of because you ca n't imagine when their end comes , like falling down a bottomless pit . to me , bombs are out of the question in terms of death . thirdly , the humor suffers as much as the action because they have little opportunity to do it and when they do it feels forced and is not funny . an example would be a moment when two of the turtles are following , or running from bad guys and they 're going up stairs , lots of stairs and mikey goes , " this is good for my calfs , " i was thinking , " what , is my mom supposed to laugh at that ? " as for the japanese men who take to american living all too well , none of it is very funny at all and reflecting on it now , it 's like saying that just being drunk is funny as opposed to actually doing something funny when drunk , painfully unfunny and pointless . equally as pointless was the use of casey jones . his character in the first movie almost steals the show at times , but in this movie he has nothing to do except watch over the japanese men . in a way this is also doing to him what the film is doing to the turtles , forcing him to work on things that would be better worked out as moments not plotlines . in this story the writers would have casey jones completely emasculated , possibly for laughs , possibly for moral . the former is definitely not the case , the latter is underdeveloped . it 's like he says early in film to the turtles asking where are more people to fight , that 's what we 're thinking for a majority of the film . in retrospect , the japanese men might be a parallel for the turtles showing an example of what the writers probably think the turtles would be like if they were completely worthless . so he has the turtles learning powerful life lessons away from splinter to show how meaningful and worthy they are to detractors of the series . i admit , it 's a good idea but way too heavy handed . the meaning is always better in small doses . finally , the song used in the film toward the end with the japanese men in the bar is such a good song and is very exciting . it was used to great effect in the tv spots for the film to make the audience believe going into the theatre that it was going to an exciting , funny , action-adventure and instead they gave us this stale role reversal film that tarnishes the turtles legacy and insured that there would never be another turtles film . oh well , at least found out the name of that song
camera neg 939.txt i purchase this instrument twice . the first time there were black specks in the lense , so it was returned . the second time was worst , i.e. same black specs but the thing did n't work at all . i have also checked this manufacturer 's other models out and most come with the disturbing black specks in the lense . this is n't a quality optical product
software neg 564.txt background - senior it professional . i have been a quicken user for well over a decade and have always been very happy with the product until the 2007 version . first , let me point out a couple of things to like about this version : - the interface ; seems to depend on the eye of the beholder , but i for one find it pleasing and useful . - the ability to append notes and check images to a transaction . i love this feature . - the cash flow dashboard and the calendar now for the caveat : if you depend a great deal on downloading transactions using webconnect , prepare for a great deal of frustration and disappointment . this feature used to work reliably in all other versions . in version 2007 it is prone to quit with a notice that there has been a " quicken server outage " that prevented the download from succeeding . these occurrences are sporadic . scores of users are reporting this on the support forums and elsewhere ; i have seen no hint of a response or explanation from intuit . horror stories about tech support at intuit have kept me away from that venue , though at some point i 'll call just to see what happens . i upgraded to 2007 from a very solid and dependable quicken 2006 , and this issue alone has made me wish that i hadn't . weighing the new features against the new bugs i would have to say that i do not recommend purchasing this version at this time
camera neg 998.txt this camcorder is terrible in just about every way : cons : - unacceptably blurry video ; the specs say it records at 640x480 , but it looks more like 320x240 ( if that ! ) blown up to vga . - noticeable aura around any dark shape on a lighter background . - awful light sensitivity ; forget about recording indoors- -no matter how brightly the room is lit , faces will come out too dark . the built-in led 's do n't help much ( and not at all at distances over 4 feet from the subject ) . - noisy zoom that gets picked up loud and clear by the microphone . - zooming goes in irregular steps- -completely useless while recording . - video lags noticeably behind camera movement ; when image stabilization is turned on , the lag becomes so atrocious that you ca n't tell when to stop panning- -utterly useless ! - when using av-in and av-out cables , the firmware has frozen on me a couple of times ; the only way to reset the camera was to remove the battery . - video encoding ( through the av-in cable ) produces an unacceptably noisy and undersaturated result . - the lcd display has a very narrow viewing angle ; anything more than about 10% and you ca n't make out a thing . - still photos taken at the native 5mp resolution come out strangely grainy and uneven- -something like a " sharpen " effect gone wrong . i can get better looking pictures with my 2mp canon powershot a40 camera . - the manual recommends keeping the camera motionless for 2-3 seconds after snapping a picture ( that 's on top of the 3-4 seconds it takes the thing to focus before it snaps ) ; but you ca n't keep the subject from moving , folks ! welcome to the psychedelic land of image trails.. . - flash photos come out with wildly different color balance depending on the color of the background . - the manual is a sorry affair- -only 17 pages long and does n't go much beyond identifying external controls and menu options . - i could go on and on , but i 'll stop now , as you probably get the picture.. . pros : - the camera body seems sturdily built ; the controls also have a sturdy feel to them , as do the battery and the usb port covers . hmm.. . it 's the only nice thing i can think to say about it . maybe a child ( think pre-teen ) could find this " camcorder " exciting as a toy , but i do n't see how it can be enough even for an undemanding person looking to capture occasional life 's moments on video
dvd pos 888.txt this is an imaginative take on the jack and the beanstalk story . while it was apparently made for kids , the story maintains enough complexity to keep adults interested ( i 'm 19 ) . plus as a female , i appreciate the fact that it 's one of the few stories where ( possible spoiler ) the damsel ( who 's in a different kind of distress than other fairy tale women ) rescues prince charming . well-acted , it features some great chemistry between sara and modine . but i still ca n't give it 5 stars . here 's why ( spoilers ahead ) : 1. i 'm no math person but why could n't the writers be consistent with when jack 's dad died ? one minute , they say he died 20 years ago but then they say he died when jack was 14. since jack is 37 , it shows that the writers ca n't do simple addition . could n't they just take two seconds to do the math ? 2. how the hell does siggy know about goose and harp ? i got the impression from wilhemina that jack 's dad did n't believe the story of the original jack . but apparently , jack 's dad told siggy not to tell him about the family 's dark secret until he was ready . i wish there was a more believable explanation for siggy knowing a lot more than he should . 3. if siggy is smart enough to know the all the robinson secrets , i think he should be able to catch on to the fact that jack is in love with ondine fairly quickly . i always wondered why he did n't try to kill ondine when he was so against jack having an heir . i understand that they had a time limit to the movie and maybe it would have been a bit scary for the little ones . do n't get me wrong , i do n't want ondine to die . i wanted nothing less than a happy ending for her and jack . but shooting her ( or at least threatening her ) would have been a great way to kick up the tension / suspense . 4. siggy 's accent and mannerisms were an attempt at comedy that completely fell flat . it was not funny and was a bit gratuitous . but if you 're a fan of romance , adventure , or just feel-good movies in general , those things should n't keep you from enjoying this film . do n't think too much about the plot holes - you 'll go insane if you do
health neg 371.txt did n't last that long when use on a digital camera ! !
health pos 987.txt maybe because i ordered a " medium " . it works fine otherwise . i recommend it
health pos 368.txt there 's nothing like grabbing a warm totally sanitized toothbrush . i have used this for years after i saw the inventor on 20 / 20 i had to try it out . it works great ! its like using a new toothbrush everyday . well worth it
dvd neg 449.txt okay , i gave a pretty bad review of this dvd originally because it did n't play right . but after viewing it without the technical problems , i would like to say that it is a pretty good program and given the rarity of the subject matter , a good addition to any collection . ancient muscle conditioning ? not many dvd 's out there on the subject . i 've edited my original review and it wo n't allow me to give it more stars , but i 'd give it 4. sorry , mr. keen , if i cost you sales on this . i commend you for putting this out
camera pos 379.txt small and compact . let me see everyting i wanted to
health pos 111.txt i own an older dispensor , from around 1999 , and i was afraid that these filters would n't fit . they do and seem to work fine . i ca n't find a " replace " indicator on these new ones , the older filters had a sliding arrow to show when to replace them . i guess that i just have to replace it on a calendar basis , they say the filters are good for 2 months
software neg 831.txt the problem with this game starts with the introductury movie.. . it develops slowly , goes on forever , suffers from disconnected animation and does little to set up the ridiculous premise for game play . once game play finally does start , my child found the games boring and the transitions between the games tediously slow . cute characters...zero edutainment . it was consigned to the dustbin by the end of the day
dvd pos 604.txt i own both the ultimate editon and the extreme dvd . i want to say that you can play the theatrical version on your t.v with the two-disc extreme special edition , on your menu on disc it should say play special edition , hit right four times and " the future is not set " should be highlighted , push enter and you should see " play theatrical version on your menu . i am a little dissipointed that when i bought the extreme dvd at best buy it did not have a metal case . either way i love t2 , it 's a classic that never gets old
dvd pos 731.txt the first wayne 's world provides all the necessary background , but number 2 is actually better because it has a longer list of interesting cameo appearances , including starkly realistic versions of jim morrison and sammy davis , jr. , spoofing the oliver stone film " jfk " , in the desert
software pos 127.txt product came in a timely manner and i love it . easy to use and fun too .
books neg 121.txt no doubt about it . this book covers the history of the border patrol . however , it falls far short of what it ostensibly bills itself and ends up more as a " fluff piece " than anything else . as someone who has not only served as a senior border patrol agent ( 13 years ) but also a border patrol union president and outspoken critic of the agency , i have studied this agency inside and out without the affects of tunnel vision that typically accompany the job ( many say a necessity ) . pacheco , as an active agent ( when he wrote the book at least ) , appears headed in the right direction with the book and then suddenly veers off target . his somewhat ambiguous message that border security is a difficult task is obviously an attempt to straddle the line ( i apologize for the pun ) so as not to appear too contentious or controversial . did he need to seek agency approval for publication since he was actively employed ? if so , then the credibility issue leaps out and the book is worth the historical content alone if nothing else . if he did not need agency approval and was truly writing without restraint , then he failed to accurately convey the real state of the border patrol and border security . simply put , the border patrol , as with most of the homeland security subcomponents is disintegrating . remember the incompetence of fema ( a homeland security subcomponent ) ? well , multiply that incompetence times ten . heard about the poor morale of fema employees ? multiply that problem by one-hundred and you have an accurate picture of the border patrol . a border patrol in which the vast majority of otherwise employable agents spend ninety-percent of their time trying to get out . those that choose to stay in do so only because of the comparatively worse off agencies in dhs . the bottom line is that as a former agent , i lose sleep at night knowing what i know . pacheco did cover the rigorous training regimen accurately even if it bordered on propaganda . that alone may attract candidates to the difficult and completely unrewarding position of u.s. border patrol agent . the field stories are completely unappealing to anyone who served more than a week in a law enforcement position unless they are reading about their own exploits . read the book for enjoyment and homage . just do n't expect critical analysis . in fact , this book would be an enjoyable read at stewarts bridge ( for you ib agents in san diego ) .
dvd pos 832.txt grew up watching have gun will travel . very pleased to have it out on a dvd format . watched the first season and am very pleased . bought season 2 and season 3 also . anxiously awaiting 4 , 5 , and 6
health pos 336.txt as soon as i got this item , i tried it out right away . i will agree the battery cover is rather flimsy but that 's a minor point . the real issue is whether it could do what it claims to do - - take down mosquitos and flys . sure enough , i killed 5 mosquitos after sitting outside for just a few minutes . i also took down a housefly without any sweat . this is a great device as mosquitos are a real problem where i 'm at and it sucks being held hostage indoors by insects . no more an issue
software neg 43.txt do n't take my word for it that 's a quote from the title of a recent post excoriating this irritating and increasingly bloated product on slashdot . be warned : adobe has not learned its lesson , and despite the outcry that followed the release of version 6 , this latest release of acrobat continues adobe 's aggressive trend of intruding into your desktop environment , again , as in version 6 without providing an easy way to undo the damage once its done- -in fact , it 's now nearly impossible . like earlier releases , this version of acrobat adds startup macros and new toolbar buttons to your existing applications and adds menu entries to your desktop " right click " menus . adobe argues that these are conveniences , but they are entirely unnecessary ( for most of us " printing " to adobe pdf achieves the same result , is much more convenient , and a more natural model ) , and clutter what for most users is either a too-crowded user interface ( for those who do n't have the knowledge or patience to customize it ) or a carefully tuned one ( for those who do ) . unlike many well-behaved applications that provide obvious ways of avoiding this kind of intrusive and disruptive behavior ( e.g. through a simple checkbox option in a settings dialog ) , acrobat 's " option " for disabling this behavior , once deeply hidden in the setup process , is now almost completely absent . to disable the " convert to adobe pdf " button that mysteriously appears in the outlook mail editor , for example , one has to be sure to choose " this feature will not be available " from the " microsoft outlook " option under " acrobat pdfmaker " under " create adobe pdf " . simply deleting the button using outlook 's toolbar customization feature will not work : it comes right back when the editor is next opened . similar problems arise in word , excel , visio , project , and internet explorer . and there 's simply no way to get rid of the never-used " convert to adobe pdf " and " combine in acrobat.. . " entries in that appear in the desktop context menus for files ( even if one installs none of the acrobat pdfmaker features ) . for the technically inclined wishing to repair some of the damage that acrobat 7 does , there are complex but largely effective step by step instructions available on the web , but even the authors of these are driven to despair by version 7 : ( " adobe has really pushed the boat out with acrobat 7 and managed to screw word royally " ) . in short , acrobat will make a mess of your working environment , there 's no way to completely fix it , and even the partial fix is a pain ( and not well documented ) . ( this may seem a minor issue , but if every application followed adobe 's reckless example , our working environments would start to look like strip malls , crowded with features screaming for our attention to the point where it is hard to find what we need when we need it . one of the great strengths of the personal computer desktop is that users can configure it in ways that suit their needs ; no application should interfere with that . ) experienced acrobat users will also notice that this version continues another frustrating trend for acrobat ( and most other adobe applications ) : it is yet again slower to launch than the previous version . in fact , on my 2 ghz pentium 4 , it takes longer to launch than the entire visual studio .net development environment , and longer than the boot sequence for windows xp ! there are other minor problems as well ( arbitrary rearrangements of menu and tool bar items , etc. ) but these two major flaws are more than bad enough . unless you really need the latest acrobat features , you should probably avoid this upgrade . and if the " improvements " in this release are any indication of where adobe plans to go with future releases , it may be time to start looking elsewhere for a tool for digital document management . fortunately , there 's no reason at all to upgrade . version 7 offers no usefully new features , so you can ( and should ) avoid this one ( at all costs )
dvd neg 199.txt i had high hopes for this movie , marlon brando , robert deniro , and edward norton , how could i go wrong with this movie with a cast like that ? despite the cast this movie sinks under a terrible script . the film is often tedious and the characters never seemed very realistic to me . this was a poorly contrived and at times silly film . the tension never really builds even though the filmmakers try . embarassing for all involved . i only give it two stars to be nice to the cast
music neg 477.txt it might not be a good album but it definitely shows shania 's potential
music pos 545.txt " the essential jimmie rodgers " is highly recommended for any serious country music fan . if anyone is the genuine article , it is jimmie . listeners will recognize some old favorites among the tracks including " frankie and johnny " , " mule skinner blues " and " t for texas " . there are also fine versions of " waitin ' for a train " and " in the jailhouse now " though some may prefer jerry lee lewis ' version of the former and the webb pierce recording of the latter . the most interesting tracks are less well known . these include " my old pal " , " my old sunny south by the sea " and one devoted not to a mother but a father ( ! ) - " daddy and home " . for this reviewer , the album hit its high point on the final track , a mournful " tb blues " , a reference to the disease that took jimmie 's life at 35. while jimmie 's yodeling style may not be for everyone , this reviewer considers this album a safe bet . keep in mind that jr was elected to both the country and rock and roll hall of fame . further , the " essential " series of albums rarely disappoints . these almost always sponsor well - produced compilations of our past heroes best efforts . " the essential jimmie rodgers " certainly falls into that category
health neg 752.txt these bars arrive smashed , melting and stale..taste like cardboard with , dried blueberrie jam spread around on them...awfu
books pos 932.txt with beautiful photos of the range of niki 's work , this children 's book enables both kids and adults to get an overview of niki 's work , especially her sculptures . this is the only book i have found that has pictures of her escondido work- - it is a magical place and one can get a feel for it through this book
dvd neg 158.txt i 'm puzzled as to why anyone should pay $59.39 for these three dvds that currently retail on amazon for $11.24 ( signs ) , $14.99 ( unbreakable ) , and $26.99 ( sixth sense* ) totaling $53.22 ? *there is also a less expenseive " collector 's version " of the sixth sense that only costs $14.99 if you 'd rather not pay the $12.00 for the " vista series " extras . i 'm also skeptical as to whether the version of unbreakable sold here has as much content as the vista series edition sold seperately that contains 2 discs ( i assume this edition does not because this box set only includes 3 discs , 1 per movie ) . i love the movies , but where 's the price break on buying them all together when the package is $6.17- $18.17 more than purchasing these dvd 's seperately ? ? ?
dvd neg 350.txt the film is pretty lightweight on a whole but it has a nice charm with a well known hollywood cliche in film making.i applaud the effort.the chicks in this film are happening babes fo sho.but there ai n't much to the film but it has some fun to it
software pos 599.txt this product does a superb job at converting audio cassette recordings to mp3 format on your computer or mp3 player . you can adjust the audio level and pause the recording and advance the audio cassette if you need to do those things . there are other automatic features to shut off , etc. it also can remove noise from the recording and clean up the transients
books neg 965.txt after reading the trilogy , i was left wondering what the hell happened ? i have just read all 3 of the his dark materials trilogy and what was a strong start in book 1 and 2 is utterly demolished in this clunker . pullman allowed his eagerness to bash religion to completely destroy an engaging story - one of the most creative stories i 've come across in 20 years of reading fantasy . there is n't even a remote chance of a sequel to fix up this mess . if you look up ` anticlimax ' in the dictionary , you 'll see a picture of this book . from first page to last , time is wasted on boring characters , while all the good ones are either killed off , or just mia for the entire book . spoilers ahead . what about lyra and her parents ? somehow , she never knows what happened to them and after all she has been through is supposed to be content with going back to school like a good little girl ? she never even confronts them to try and understand their motivations . and will just goes back with mary malone to her apartment so they can figure out how to avoid the cops . over a cup of tea , naturally . and that 's it for him . in addition to all that , this book does n't even seem to be connected to the first two . none of the characters resonate they way they used to and instead of being good friends , will and lyra fall in love and have sex at the tender age of 11 or 12 . . . all in the last 30 pages . what happened to the story , for cripes sake ? ! and what happened to the ` temptation ' ? was choosing not to stay with will her way of not succumbing to it ? the whole premise is just so lame to start out with . as an earlier reviewer pointed out all the windows that were opened for centuries did n't endanger the universe , why not leave one open for 60 or 70 years to give lyra and will a chance to know each other . the flimsy reasoning behind this is just as contrived as their sudden and immediate love for one another . supposedly , they had more than gonads going for them , they survived death together ! pullman did n't feel like thinking it through , he just wanted a gut wrenching ending . in addition to that , he wanted to mock the reader by taunting us with the ` reality ' of knowing that nothing they did in the trilogy has any hope or meaning . all of will and lyra 's efforts are futile , kind of like - guess what ? religion for the rest of us morons . after having the reader go through endless pages on the mulefa-elephant aliens or whatever , ultimately the characters the reader wants to know about disappear with barely a whimper . iorek byrnison , lee scoresby - instead we get page after page about mary malone the disaffected former nun . pullman all but pants in his eagerness to give the finger to anyone of us who believes in him or anything for that matter ! this is not children 's literature , it 's a hate ridden manifesto that is more suitable for adults who at least have some way of maintaining some sort of perspective throughout this sloppy mess . it 's totally dishonest to sell this as a children 's book , or even as a competent work of fiction . all of the painstaking work of the first two books is undone with this one . we never get closure on lyra 's parents . we never really understand what dust is and where it comes from . we never see will reunited with his mother . we get a lame battle where ` god ' dies and no one even knows why or how . lyra and will fall in love , but have to ` sacrifice ' it so that all the windows to other worlds can be shut forever , with only flimsy reasoning behind it . the mulefa and mary malone 's work together amounts to nothing , everyone just goes home . presumably , will goes home , although we never see it . all that yearning after his mother and so forth . . .nothing . the major enemies are killed off too easily - and what about armageddon ? what happened to the fortress and all the rebel angels and . . .you get the idea . it all just sort of disovles . mary forgot to be the serpent , or else i missed that in one of the countless pages on the mulefa . another reader pointed out : " phillip pullman could have written a masterpiece with this series . instead , the story falls flat under the weight of the author 's own agendas and mockeries . what a waste of time . i ca n't believe this book actually won awards . it stopped being thought-provoking and started being inane and silly . " it would have been better if lyra had just awakened one morning and it was all a dream . instead , relearning how to read the alethiometer will somehow enable her to build the kingdom of heaven in the course of her lifetime . absurd . this was one of the most disappointing and infuriating reads of my life .
health pos 53.txt we love this item ! ! ! we get older tv show dvds from netflix and they generally are not in the best condition when they come . if the cleaner does n't work , and it generally does , our back up is the repair stuff , which almost always does . i think out of 30 disks , only two were not fixed .
software pos 916.txt really great ! beautiful graphics , easy to follow instructions , levels to keep us going . very fun and challenging
dvd neg 565.txt i love britney so i went against the bad reviews ! man was i wrong it is sooooo bad ! ! its the worst dvd in history
music pos 654.txt if you are a fan of the winter 's solstice series , than you will enjoy this cd , especially if you like the earlier volumes with the more original pieces rather than mostly traditional christmas music .
health pos 467.txt used to have a lot of liquid soap and shampoo get washed down the drain by my two kids.. . kids will be kids.. . but now they really like having their own dispenser buttons to push . easy to mount and easy to use
software neg 32.txt attempted to upgrade from 97 to 2003... bad move.. . none of my access 97 programs work now.. . in fact i , i brought home a 2003 access database from work to see if it was an incampatibility problem between the two versions.. . nope.. . the upgrade just did n't work.....had to purchase a full version to set things right.. . save your money on this product. .
camera pos 931.txt i so love the size and shape of this camera . this one takes some good pictures , and appear to be quite clear . it 's better than the integrated camera on my cell phone . this camera may seem like it 's taken a poor quality image , but when you transfer them onto a pc , they seem so clear ! however it is recommended that you get a memory card for this camera as it only has 14mb of internal memory . as this camera was a gift to me , i 'd have to say it was the best birthday present i have received
camera pos 308.txt i had viewed concert photos taken with the s2 from a number of different photographers and they absolutely took my breath away . saw the output of other cameras in comparison and they did n't even come close . i was using the canon a80 prior and while i was happy with it , my first round of photos with the s2 proved to be most impressive . while you can use this as a point and shoot , this is a camera that you should spend some time learning so that you can get the most from it . and although the s3 is the latest version of the camera , i 'm not sure you get that much more for the money
books pos 138.txt first off , this book is very entertaining to read . unlike many political books , it is never tedious or redundant . " thieves in high places " is an accurate portrayal of what is wrong with both parties in america . it is also informative and insightful on the roles of big corporations in american politics and local economies . this book is a call to arms against large corporations that put locally owned businesses under , companies that use child labor overseas , and the entire americal political system . this book empowers the common man in his fight for an egalitarian society , fair wages for all , and a real equal oppurtunity at an education . i loved this book , it was a pleasure to read , and confirmed everything that disuades me about america today . it is worth a read
camera neg 598.txt got this camera for my wife - a digital novice - during christmas 2005. camera is easy to use and takes good pictures . easily interfaces with pc through usb . however , i also ( as did another reviewer ) started having problems after about 11 months . camera would not take pictures as the ccd went bad . luckily i had an extended service contract and it was repaired . unfortunately , it just quit working again ( april 2007 ) and the service contract company says they " ...wo n't bother fixing it again.. . " and is refunding my purchase price . gracious but a hassle doing without a camera for a second time . good camera but if you buy one make sure you get the service contract
software neg 614.txt i bought a new pc last week and maxed it out with a gig of ram and 512 video card...vista was preinstalled.. . these are the basic specs of the pc i have : athlon 64 x2 dual core processor 2 gig memory ddr 2 250 sata hdd not only did this thing run slow...i found out that a lot of my old software would n't work...what gives ? ? ? ? i ran company of heroes ( seemingly a surefire bet considering the upgrades ) and that crawles like i was trying to run this on a minimum spec'ed machine...and mind u i bought this new and did upgrades ( an extra 250 dollars worth ) so i wound up spending a nice part of saturday reformatting the hdd and putting xp back on my machine and viola ! i really get to see whta kind of power i am working with.. . for those of you thinking about going back to xp , do it and wait until vista gets figured out...it 's 250 dollar resource hog and it wo n't be on my machine for a little while...and while u are at it...please be sure to back up your drivers files.. .
music neg 650.txt vote this one off the island : 19 overproduced prog-tropical instrumentals consisting entirely of primitive thumping , chanting and grunting - sort of a new age tribal orgy with pygmy porn music composed by phil collins . it 's all supposed to convey the drama , intrigue and relevance of a tv show ( survivor yell , mud bath , chase race , tally the vote , i can see it , buzzed ) with no drama , intrigue and relevance . a desperate last ditch dig for one of the most unimportant moments in television
books neg 613.txt i thoroughly enjoyed the author 's earlier work on how the irish saved civilization . but this book was a disappointing compendium of greek myths , legends and history that never reveals a plan behind the book . taken in its subparts , many sections are engagingly informative in an elegant if sometimes pretentious prose . yet the author ambles from here to there in a disjointed narrative with interesting nuggets but little insight . where 's the big picture ? the author attempts to wrap it up at the end with a sentence about the greeks ' " variety of human response , lightening quick transmutations , resourcefulness , and inexhaustible creativity . " a subtitle like " a greek treasury of personal vignettes " might have been more descriptive and merited another star . but it falls short as a " hinge of history " with impoverished and even maladaptive connections ( fdr as solon - really ? ) to the modern world . i am sorry to not recommend it .
health neg 803.txt i have placed the order on oct 9th for $114.95 , now on nov 10th amazon is asking me to approve my revised order again for $125.95. i made a mistake when i should have ordered directly from folica i could have used it for a month now ! the 1 star rating has nothing to do with the product quality , since i have not used it .
camera pos 923.txt this is a pretty good camera , loaded with lots of features . the pros include the 10x optical zoom , use of sd card , and battery consumption . also , with this camera you have the ability to buy add-ons such as zoom lenses and such - makes it nice for those that are just past beginner experience . there are a couple of cons that i 've found , the most important being the picture quality . although it does have the capability to take great photos , you have to make sure and wait several seconds between shots to ensure that they 'll come out looking great ( in my opinion , anyway ) . the size is okay , although it is kinda bulky for being so small . i prefer something that size to also be slim - it 's not so easy to carry around because of this . overall , this camera is very easy to use
camera pos 340.txt good basic set of inexpensive filters . nice case . great for a beginner / starting set . if you 're willing to spend more money on filters , getting b+w or hoya will suit you better .
dvd pos 481.txt & quot ; monkey business&quot ; looks pretty good on dvd 50 years later . the restoration comparison on the dvd shows the change the restoration brought , a bit darkly tinted , and more defined . the wild plot keeps you glued to the screen throughout . marilyn monroe who is the star on the dvd box has more of a supporting role here . she is great as the secretary lois laurel who shows up early because the boss does n't like her punctuation . cary grant as the addled professor barnaby fulton turns in a great journeyman performance , getting appropriately loony when experiencing the euphoria of youth . his driving sequence with monroe had me turning in my chair with laughter to avoid the trucks ! ginger rogers as wife edwina gets pretty wacky when returned to youth . if all youth were as lighthearted as these comedic versions , it 'd be a laugh and guffaw every time the school bell rings . hugh marlowe as the straight-laced attorney hank entwhistle does a nice job of standing stoic during the crazy indian game . oscar winner charles coburn ( 1943 , the more the merrier ) does a great job of appreciating monroe 's assets as oliver oxly , the ceo . kathleen freeman as mrs. brannigan gives a fine performance . the dvd offers perviews of many monroe films . this is a great little piece of cinematic history . turn back the clock & amp ; enjoy
music pos 885.txt i dug the soundtrack better than the film.the music sounds good through out.if the film had have just focused on the music it would have been incredible.the musicianship is solid here
health pos 391.txt i bought one of these ' gizmos ' as a gift 3 years ago and i was so happy to find it on here ! ! it is like going to a salon and getting the best shampoo ever !
music pos 248.txt i ca n't even begin to say how much i love these albums ( i just picked uyi 1 to write my review for both ) . everyone always says that appetite is guns best album...no way in hell . the illusion albums are so much richer . now do n't get me wrong , i love appetite but it is more of a party album with cool guitar work and catchy tunes . the illusion twins are just so much deeper lyrically and have many more styles woven in and out of a hard rock framework . i can identify with so many of axls lyrics , and the music just makes them stand out so much more . slash is basically the best hard rock guitar player ever , and he has more awesome solos and leads on these albums than most guitar players have in a career . and the best part about these albums is that the lesser known songs are usually the best , such as : locomotive , bad apples , dont damn me , the garden , pretty tied up , coma , civil war , get in the ring , breakdown , estranged ( kind of popular but still fairly unknown ) 14 years , bad obscession , dust n bones , dead horse , and more . then of course there are the hits , dont cry , november rain , knockin on heavens door , live and let die , you could be mine etc. the only songs i dont really like that much are my world ( wtf ? ) and shotgun blues , but everything else is just so gdamn good . do yourself a favor and go buy these albums if u consider yourself a hard rock fan . the illusion albums are art , plain and simple
books neg 837.txt it 's hard to imagine this book being of much value even for a true and complete novice to prospecting . written with blatant self promotion in mind for other garrett products there is little if any substantive information on panning that could not be reduced to 4 or 5 pages with a couple of diagrams added . would appear author may have been paid by the word given the tedious repetitions found throughout . truly basic and nothing new here - spend your money elsewhere
software pos 69.txt i have used this software from the very first as a paintshop product and it still delivers . it has improved with this version . i reckon i have tried all other albums and quick editors but this remains the best . for more detailed work a more expansive editor is needed but that is not the purpose of this program . what it claims to do , it does well . if only it had some way of adjusting the mid tones . a simple histogram would make this a top ranking program
music pos 64.txt one of the best doobie collections out there " greatest hits " lives up to its name focusing on the singles the band recorded and that charted in their long career . some of the songs here are the single versions ( meaning they were edited and are shorter than the album versions ) and this might be a problem for some fans as they may want the full length versions of songs . maybe it 's because they were trying to squeeze more music onto the cd . either way fans may want to be aware of that . in fact even on the boxed set we get " listen to the music " , " nobody " and " rockin ' down the highway " in their single incarnations . perhaps its because that was the way fans originally heard them on the radio . either way , fans looking for the full length versions of these songs would do well to pick up one of the import " greatest hits " collections or wait for the remastered cds coming out later this year . this set does have one track not on the boxed set- - " without you " a great rocker . the cd booklet is exactly like the larger booklet that comes with the boxed set just laid out a bit differently . this definitely covers the highlights of the band 's career whether it be the tom johnston rockin ' years , michael mcdonald 's blue-eyed soul stage or the band 's reunion phase this has a bit of it all . personally , i would love to see a two disc distillation of the band 's " greatest hits " with a second disc of album tracks such as " i cheat the hangman " , " losin ' end " , " the captain and me " and " how do the fools survive ? " . in the meantime this single disc compilation will have to do for most fans . the sound is terrific pulling from the remasters produced by bill inglot for the boxed set . detail and clarity is remarkable and puts the previously issued " best of " pair to shame . this is the only place to get their singles from their first in 1970 " nobody " to their last ( when this compilation was put togetherin 2001 ) " dangerous " released in 1991.
camera neg 937.txt i ordered this mic after having to return the ecmhs1 ( because it was , in reality , totally non-directional ) . well , this one actually is directional , but it is such a pain to use i wish i never bought it . 1st of all , you should know this mic does not work with the " smart shoe " available on most sony camcorders - this means it will not receive any power from or transfer sound data to the camcorder through the shoe . therefore it is battery powered . this may seem like a minor problem , but it means you need to remember to turn it on and off each time you video , otherwise you will have either a soundless video or a dead battery . believe me , at some point you will forget this . not being smart shoe compatible also means you have to plug the mic into a jack on the camcorder - this can be a real hassle if you have a small device and are trying to loop the cord around so it is n't in the way . ( in my case the jack is under a rather cheap plastic cover that threatens to break off with repeated use . ) ( as you might expect , i highly recommend you check whether a mic is smart shoe compatible . of course , that means the mic does n't need a battery or audio plug - not that it will simply fit into the shoe . it 's a great feature . ) finally , while the engineers at sony have done some amazing things over the years , they were n't able to do even a half-decent job designing the cap that covers this mic 's battery . this cap will fall off with even the slightest touch . this can be incredibly annoying . mine fell off several times - fortunately i always managed to find it . i finally put a piece of duct tape on to secure it ( does n't look great , but at least the color matches ) . considering the high cost , this mic is a really bad investment . while the non-directional mics in most camcorders are pretty pathetic , this is a very poor substitute .
music neg 896.txt she does n't sing.. . she yells ! ! ! and using one of ednita 's songs as she did with " lo que son las cosas " is just sacrilege at its " best " ( or worst ) . it 's really easy to hit it big with your first single when the song is already a classic by itself . she has absolutely nothing on beyonce or cristina aguilera . her cd is just plain bad ! if you want to hear good music by latin women with beautiful powerful voices ( and that actually sing ) , you might want to look for la lupe , celia cruz , ednita nazario and lucecita benitez.. . and these are only the ones i remembered at the moment
dvd pos 684.txt alec baldwin is tied with john goodman for the second highest appearing host of all time . so it 's only natural that he now has a best of dvd . this is not the best snl dvd , but it is still a very good one . if you already have the best of dana carvey , mike myers , steve martin , and tom hanks.. . get this one next . this dvd has a couple of not-so-good skits , but it makes up for every one . there are a lot of hilarious skits on the dvd . i 'm not going to list them , but just trust me . anyone who gives this less than four stars is out of their mind . when i first saw that the best of alec baldwin was out i didn ; t have to give it a second thought . it was at the top of my list , and it should be at the top of yours too .
music neg 145.txt hey , that just goes without being said . all of their live albums suck because they suck . go creed ! i ca n't wait for scott stapp 's solo album ! awesome , baby
books pos 298.txt frazee 's comical " guide for babies of all ages " has a subconscious message behind the humor , meanwhile encouraging those first few steps that will open up a universe of new experiences , baby leaving the shelter of the familiar for the unknown . the roly-poly baby illustrated is tiny compared to everything around him , objects taller than him , but once he pulls himself up and begins that first , tentative journey , it is impossible to stop . of course , there are a few cautions along the way , " be careful of things that are wobbly ; stay away from fragile stuff " . there are the usual setbacks , too-much too-soon and a tumble to the floor , followed by a howl and the effort to being again . cleverly worded and cheerfully illustrated , this tongue-in-cheek guide is a delight , offering more food for thought than is first apparent . luan gaines / 2006.
camera pos 591.txt the only two drawbacks to this lens are that it requires a huge amount of light to take quality photographs and it is relatively slow to autofocus , especially where there is not adequate light . aside from this it is a good but not great lens . it is probably worth the money that it cost , however , i believe that a better lens would be the 70 - 300 mm vr which costs about 4x the price of this lens
software neg 752.txt i just got a 2006 version of math blasters , i played it for a while and i thought that it was really frustrating and it didnt help me at math at all ! i think that anyone who plays it will probably fall right to sleep when they start playing ! the box it came in said it was for age 6-12 but i think it is for 6 or 7 year old kids . i really dont think this is a good game to play
dvd neg 787.txt first of all , the trailer was the best part of the movie & had me expecting a totally different story ... second , the story i got turned out to be the " grinch who stole christmas " crossed with " it 's a wonderful life " ( the latter of which was even more boring than this hokey remake ) & does n't that therefore make " santa clause 3 " so cliche & so done before ? ! third , the kids in the audience seemed to enjoy it , but man was i bored ! ( & i actually enjoyed the original santa clause , so i ca n't blame the boredom factor on the fact that this is supposed to be a kids ' movie ... ) fourth , i found the christmas council to be extremely offensive ( read : inappropriately pagan for a movie that is ostensibly about christmas ) . *****whoop ! whoop ! whoop ! *****spoiler alert ! spoiler alert ! *****read no farther if you have n't already seen the movie ! ***** fifth , i found jack frost 's conversion to be ... zzzzzzzzzzz whazzat ? oof . i must have dozed off for a minute . sorry . now what was i saying ? oh yeah . poor , pitiful , evil jack frost . ( ho hum ) would n't it have been much better to kill him off than convert him ? i mean , come on . is the converted jack frost supposed to be an improvement ? yucky . he 's disgusting ! i liked him much better as a villain . better hair . better duds . i say : just freeze him off next to a wooly mammoth & be done with him . or bring him back in next year 's sequel ( because you know there 's going to be one ) . for goodness ' sake . do we always have to embrace our inner icicle ? ( hurl ) & sixth - - not only jack - - but there was so much about this movie that just did n't make sense ! ( yawn ) okay , i 'm done with it . it 's not even worth the time i took for it ...
software neg 16.txt the only redeeming quality about this gps system is that it 's cheap . i used it on a 1 , 000 mile trip on the east coast the week after i got it . the navigation is poor . i found that i often had to look over to the laptop screen because i was " off route " so often due to the poor maps . the system repeated the same annoying problems that i see in other feedback . 1 ) the unit would show me being off the road even though i was on an interstate . in this case it would continually recalculate the route and diretc me to take exits to get off the highway and circle around . 2 ) it directed me to make turns onto one-way streets in the wrong direction . 3 ) it could not locate a poi that turned out to be a few hundred yards away 4 ) it often did not know the correct side of the road for my destination 5 ) it does n't provide a chime when it 's time for a turn . it will tell you the turn is a half-mile ahead , but that might be the last time you hear an instruction . 6 ) in one case , it got me to my destination ( at least close enough ) but could n't guide me back to my starting point . the gps receiver seemed to acquire and hold the satellite signal well . but the maps are poor , as is the verbal instruction - it sounds like a 1980 's computer generated voice . if you 're looking for a trustworthy guide in unfamiliar areas - this is n't it . this is going back asap .
dvd pos 241.txt " harry potter and the chamber of secrets " , the second harry potter film in the series , was the first bit of the harry potter phenomenon i was every exposed to . i 'd kind of avoided the boy wizard before then , but after seeing it those couple of years ago , even though i did n't entirely follow what was what and who was who , i realized it was pretty entertaining . after reading the second book recently , i picked up the dvd and watched it again . the series gets a little darker , like the books do , but unlike the book , i do n't think the jump is as large , which i reckon is a good thing . though i prefer the first film , it 's still good to watch . it 's harry 's ( daniel radcliffe 's ) second year at hogwart 's wizards school , and after a shaky summer , he returns to find himself in the midst of a sinister plot . it seems a certain heir of slytherin has opened the legendary chamber of secrets , loosing a monster that is wandering about petrifing students , literally ! many fingers point to harry , harry 's finger points to malfoy , and ron 's wand.. . well that does n't point at all , as its broken and backfiring . what 's this all got to do with the mysterious trails spiders , haunted toilets , a rogue quidditch bludger and a self-flagellating house elf ? can harry , ron and hermione figure things out ? all the kids are a little bit older and a little bit wiser in this film , plus the boys ' voices are breaking . in some scenes they 're kind of croaky sounding , in other scenes they have their child voice , and in others their voices broken through , not neccesarily in that order . there 's a couple of new kids , ( like colin creevey ) and they are just as well cast as the others . the new adults are well cast too . though not my favorite performance of his career , shakespearean actor kenneth branagh makes an interesting gilderoy lockhart , the vain second year dark arts teacher . he played it a lot more subtley than i expected him to . ex-fast show comedian mark williams plays mr weasley , which i reckon was a great choice . i missed some of the cast from the last film though . you hardly see warwick davis ( who plays professor flitwick ) , let alone hear him say anything , and john cleese 's nearly headless nick , who has a rather significant deathday party in the book , has hardly anything to do here except get petrified . there were other things cut out too , like the catching of the garden gnomes at the weasley's . the fans of the book will feel the absence more than the casual viewers though . personally , i like to think of the harry potter films as illustrations to the books put into motion , rather like the pictures in the world of hogwarts . they give an idea of what the book would look like , an impression . special features include an interview with author j.k. rowling and script writer steve kloves , as well as interviews with all the kids and all the main adult actors . there 's also slick virtual tours through diagon alley , dumbledore 's office and gilderoy lockhart 's classroom ( a tour that turns out to be just as pretentious as he is , complete with gushing praises from the narrator ) . there 's also a couple of games : you can visit the chamber of secrets after answering some harry potter trivia , you can drive the flying car through the forbidden forest ( which i found frustrating but addictive ) . there 's also a trivia game about what spell does what too . unlike the first dvd , you do n't have to beat any games to access the deleted scenes , you 're able to go to them straight from the main menu . just as well , there 's 19 of them , and some of them are pretty significant . notable scenes include harry 's close encounter with the malfoys in the dark magic shop , harry discovering that filch is taking wizard lessons by correspondence . i wish they 'd left some of these scenes in , particularly the ones where harry potter questions his nature , is he a good wizard or a bad wizard . that was some mighty fine character development cut there ! there 's also a gallery of design drawings and a section called " colin creevey 's darkroom " where you can select pictures of various characters , then play them in a slideshow of sorts . apparently there 's a whole stack of stuff in the dvd rom features , but i just could n't get them to work on my laptop 's dvd drive . using interactual player ( the player that many warner brothers films have you install to play their dvds ) , it says there is a script error , and when i tried windows media player 9 and cyberlink powerdvd 4.0 , though it ran the dvd and everything else with it fine , the dvd acted as if it was n't in a dvd rom drive , telling me that if i put the dvd into my pc 's drive i 'd get all these wonderful features . it was in my dvd drive ! aggh ! it is in a dvd drive . maybe its just my type of laptop ( benq dh5100u , 1.5 gigahertz ) . ah well , it looked like it would have been really fun , especially for fans of the series . all in all , its definitely worth a look for harry potter fans , but i would recommend you read the book first
music pos 83.txt a very proud and highly recommended production , it 's a real pitty this cd is not available , i still have this one as a precious thing , i hear it all the time as well as i want . nobody will forget jeff lynne as an excellent musician , ever
software neg 327.txt i recently purchased this software and had to uninstall it . in my case , i was unable to get into my quicken account , which is password protected . one of the features of confidential is an " information vault " which stores all passwords . i was prompted to enter the quicken one as well , but chose not to as i felt this would defeat the purpose of having a password set up in the first place . after that , when i would enter the quicken password , my machine would just hang up . the only way i could get in was by opening it in safe mode . i believe that this product sounds appealing on the surface , but when you get down to it , it promises more than it can deliver . i also think that when it comes to internet security , the best solution is to take reasonable precaution . if you respond to an e-mail requesting your account numbers and passwords , a software package is not going to save you . i purchased this product based on my previous experience with norton products and have been quite satisfied with their performance . thus , i was extremely disappointed with this product
music neg 825.txt i picked this up because a ) it 's boz scaggs , a guy whose records i wore out when they first hit , and b ) it 's full of great old songs . but : boz sounds like he 's doing something else , maybe surfing the internet or looking out the window , when he sings . hard to imagine that the man who punched out " lido " can sound so half-asleep performing great material . a washed-out , almost depressing performance . there are many much better renditions of these classic songs . i imagine it 's hard to come up with new material , but please , if you 're going to do these songs at least sing as if you 're awake . no emotion , no involvement . and to add annoyance to injury , boz somehow found the world 's worst drummer for this session . if you can tap your fork on a tabletop you can play the cymbals and traps as well as him , incessantly dopey and grindingly repetitive . pass on this one
books pos 761.txt roger caras , a very talented writer and animal lover , takes us on a tour of thistle hill , his farm in northern maryland . anyone who loves cats , dogs and other animals will love this book . its gentle humor and compassion are quite absorbing . i must confess to a certain amount of jealousy , though- -i would love to have a home like thistle hill farm
books neg 334.txt this is one of the dullest chick lit derivatives of the ya-ya sisterhood and their adventures , or misadventures . it is full of misery , poorly developed characters , and is so formulaic that i predicted the outcome after about 50 pages , at which point i could no longer stomach these ego-driven , falsely sweet dolts . do n't waste your money
music neg 274.txt mostly bland , by this time it seemed that bad was dead in the water , nothing here matches the excitement of this is . especially annoying are ` sightsee mc ! ' , ` ice cool killer ' and ` the big v' . bad goes rap ? no thanks . it 's easy to see why they did the whole bad 2 thing . buy the globe instead
software pos 278.txt i tested numerous anti-virus programs after getting fed-up with previous norton anti-virus , which would always " hang " my incoming email , causing me to redownload larger files and sometimes make it impossible to retrieve them at all . ( incidentally , this had nothing to do with the " time-out " settings . ) after testing other top rated anti-virus programs , the only one that would n't " hang " large email files , was kaspersky . even though i have my " time-out " set to only 1 minute , kaspersky never stumbles and lets go , even if it takes much more than 1 minute to download . i also like the easy to use " pause protection " when i 'm doing file clean-ups , because there 's no sense passing temporary files through a second time , and it speeds the clean-up 5 times faster
health pos 280.txt after looking into several reviews on blow dryers , i learned about the revlon tourmaline . all of the reviews were so positive . i 've been suprised at how light the dryer is and how easy the controls are . the placement could n't be better on the controls . the price was right as well ! blow dryers in this class are generally much more expensive . a very good value
books pos 94.txt one good knight ( 2006 ) is the second fantasy novel in the tales of the five hundred kingdoms series , following the fairy godmother . in the previous volume , alexander and elena organized resistance to the invasion of fleurberg by a dark magician . after the death of the katschei , alexander and elena were wedded , becoming godmother and consort . then an order of champions was established at glass mountain , with alexander as their master , and elena was given charge of fleurberg in addition to her other kingdoms . in this novel , princess andromeda of acadia is nineteen years old , but is still considered a child by her mother , queen cassiopeia , and chief advisor solon adacritus . she writes a report on the merchants for a trade conference and impresses both the queen and the chief advisor . after that , her mother orders redecoration of the princess wing , appoints two ladies to design her wardrobe and jewelry , and assigns a steward to handle her affairs . andromeda is quite overwhelmed by this attention and augments her studies to further impress her mother . she notices that income from wrecked ships has grown due to an increase in the number and severity of storms . her studies and inquiries suggest that this increase is probably due to the manipulations of a great wizard . she reports this matter to her mother . afterward , andromeda is resting high up in a tree within the palace garden when she notices a strange flying creature . as it comes toward her , she recognizes that it is a dragon . then it reaches the palace and she observes that it is a very large dragon . it flames some high architectural features , grabs a couple of animals and flies away . the panic within the palace is phenomenal and the subsequent meeting of the queen 's advisors is very lively . andromeda has quickly reviewed the literature on dragons - - consisting mainly of myths and legends - - and reports to the advisors that the only known method of managing a dragon is the sacrifice of virginal maidens . the ensuing discussion is even livelier , mostly concerning the means of choosing such sacrifices . queen cassiopeia states that the only fair way to select sacrifices is by a lottery . after the spate of crazy volunteers dies down , a lottery is organized . some women find ways to disqualify themselves , but others are taken by the dragon . rumors begin spreading that anyone who speaks out against the queen is more likely to have a family member selected for the sacrifice . but then andromeda is selected . this novel is mostly about the influence of the tradition within the five hundred kingdoms . andromeda 's knowledge of the tradition comes in handy at various points in this quest . the queen has sent to glass mountain for a champion to fight the dragon , but the good knight does n't come forward as expected . someone has erected a magical barrier at the border to keep out such warriors . however , andromeda is sort of saved by a champion at the sacrificial site . andromeda convinces the knight to take her along as a guide and finally proves to the champion that she can be a help rather than a hindrance . they travel cross-country in the same direction that the dragon had flown , stopping for supplies here and there , and finally enter the wyrding lands . they encounter unicorns and a fox along the way before meeting the dragon and his brother . then andromeda learns that all is not as it seems . andromeda is nineteen and naive . then she is faced with one of the most difficult of issues : does her mother love her . while many events occur in this plot , this one issue is the crux of the story . even her interspecies romance with the younger dragon is only a temporary relief from this main concern . highly recommended for lackey fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of adventure , betrayal and romance . -arthur w . jordi
software pos 8.txt the product is easy to use . like how it intergrates with ms office applications . it 's been a great tool for providing documents to my clients
software neg 451.txt i have used taxcut and turbotax on and off for years . turbotax tends to have less problems . this year taxcut was incredibly difficult . first it would not properly import the data from deductionpro . then the tier one tech support gave me outright incorrect information . finally tier two support gave me the link to the custom patch that allowed me to import the data . also , when i received the taxcut email that the irs had accepted my return i logged on to taxcut to check status and get my declaration control number . taxcut would not recognize that i had efiled and would not check for the dcn . i had to call support for about the 5th time and after some time on the phone they discovered they could access the dcn and gave it to me over the phone . because of these delays i have still not finished with the state return . i do n't know if i will buy this product again .
books neg 86.txt i have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly . there are a lot of good books out there , dan harrington 's the very best , but this isnt one of them . too much ego here and not enough helpful information
books neg 341.txt the sub-title of this book is very misleading . it does not contain " an action-oriented approach " to raising your self-esteem - unless you count sitting down with pen and paper as an action . the book is centered on sentence completion exercises where you write the beginning of a sentence at the top of a page ( " one of the things i dislike about myself is.. . " , " one of my emotions i have trouble accepting is.. . " ) and then complete the sentence with whatever comes to mind . for some unexplained reason each sentence requires its own sheet of paper ; and there are a lot of them , so be prepared to go through a lot of paper . sure , completing sentences technically counts as an " action " . but if you 're like me , " action-oriented " implies some sort of cognitive-behavioral therapy that gives you exercises to go out and do in the world , not sitting alone and writing out your thoughts . for someone with social anxiety the last thing i needed was more solitary introspection . branden gives examples of breakthroughs that his patients had doing sentence completion with him in therapy ; but alas , the practice helped me in no way . your mileage may vary , but i would n't recommend this book to anyone
dvd pos 729.txt the performance given by poitier will not dissappoint . this movie version of the play is done from the view point of the son as oppossed to the view point of the mother , lena . this work is timeless
software pos 646.txt as a retired teacher , i wanted the ability to compose a song and share it in a pristine form . finale songwriter does that . the lyrics find their way to the correct note . the midi connection works and all the parts of a composition is enveloped in this software . one of the attractions for me is the cost . finale songwriter does not extract your final dollar from your stash . try this program , and you will find many facets hidden that makes finale songwriter a positive
music neg 560.txt someone suggested i listen to this because i was , at the time , into what lame beret-wearing record-store dips would call " creatively aggresive " music . then it was death metal ( which i prefer without cursing or filth , you understand . ) since then i 've found the ascension into gabber and then full-on unmitigated hardcore . anyway , mr. bungle... . tepid . uninteresting . bland . stupid . gives the chin-strokers something to fascinate over . let them . someone 's got the fuel the economy
music pos 91.txt i love these albums . get all 3 cause they are great
camera pos 406.txt we canoe / kayak down various rivers and creeks . i wanted a way to take my $1500 camera on the water without fear of damaging it . the sports pack is completely water proof ( up to 7m ) . i 've submersed the case in a test and in a real-life situation and the camera stayed dry . the case does not cause any noticeable reduction in picture quality . it is relatively simple to operate and assemble . you have only the basic functions of the camera while in the case , so you need to change any setting for the camera before putting it in the case and advanced camera features are not able to be used . my only concern is the scratch resistance of the plastic over the lens area . so far i have n't had any problems but i 've only taken on the river for about 30 hrs . all told , i 'm very pleased and if you plan on filming in or near water i would recommend this case
dvd neg 297.txt whoever made this film is obviously trying to impress upon the viewer the idea that artists are deep complex people . but all i see in the film are low life drug addict losers who sit around ( few of them seem to have jobs ) and party all day . the main character ( sid ) is a pseudointellectual who claims she majored in critical theory in college ( ultra liberal nonsense which has the goal of undermining western culture to pave the pathway for marxism ) . the film appeals to naive youth
software neg 686.txt you can try this for free for up to 60 days by registering with microsoft and downloading an evaluation copy . when you 're sure you want it , permanently activate it with the product key you get in your amazon package . the new version of excel has two huge advantages : 1. it removes the old 256 column / 65 , 536 row limitation . you can now have 16 , 384 columns and more than a million rows . 2. excel 2007 can use all the cores / processors in your computer ( or you can restrict it to use only some , so huge background calculations do not tie up your machine ) . on my dual core computer , excel 2007 is **way** faster than 2003 at almost every task . i 've seen no crashes , hangs , or hiccups . but everything else about excel 2007 is frustrating . the new " ribbon " interface is unnecessary and awkward - - almost every operation takes more pointing and clicking than older releases . bypassing the ribbon with the new " quick access toolbar " is problematic because ( bizarrely ) microsoft has deleted many distinctive command icons , leaving them with identical green circles . right now excel 2003 costs more than excel 2007. if the two plusses do n't help you , you may think that 2003 is worth more
camera pos 844.txt this is a pretty accurate radar gun for baseball , as far as i can tell . if you follow the directions , and are as close to the action as possible , and at a " straight on " angle , it looks like its correct in the + - 1 mph statement . however , this is a cool gadget , but if you are serious about " speed " and would like more versatility , then your going to have to go with the official mlb jugs gun...but at a much higher price . good luck
dvd pos 67.txt i thought the movie was great ! nothing like the gospel to me ! ! do n't compare ! billoah is sexy baby ! he played zulu ! ! ( pretty eyes ) the movie was very funny also and taught a lesson in love ! ! ! 5 star movie ! ! ****
music pos 820.txt one of the great metal albums of our time . from the drumming to the guitar alls that can be said is amazing .
books pos 806.txt i first purchased this book when i was a freshman in college seven years ago . it is without a doubt the best and easiest reference guide to writing i have ever read . i love the plastic tabs that mark each section . this guide is easy to read and follow it is organized in basic steps that are categorized accourding to section . so for example if you need to find out how to cite a web page or a video tape , etc using the mla style you just flip to the section called doucmentation clearly marked with a plastic tab . i have since purchased an updated guide for myself and also bought one for my brother - a freshman in college . i really wish i had this book when i was in high school . i highly recommend this book to any high school , college , graduate student or writer . i especially recomend this book for students with learning disabilities , i myself have add and before i got this guide i could not understand how to write a paper in the mla style or in any style other than a book report . i promise this is the easiest reference guide to writing ever published
software neg 737.txt i have been a long time user and have always had good success until the 2007. i have tried to install on my new pc and have not been successful . i called intuit phone support and spent and hour changing setting on my computer . we did the usual things for winxp pro : 1. set up a new account to verify it is n't a permission problem 2. shut off all service and switched to safe mode none of these made a difference . so the support technician told me to call microsoft and then hung up . that was it , no chance to even complain , just a dead phone line . luckly , i know enough to put my pc back in worki9ng order but this is pretty lame support . i never though microsoft would get me to switch and they have n't but intuit has forced me off all on their own .
music neg 550.txt while i like some of these songs , i cannot understand a single word he sings . i even heard him interviewed and i did n't understand a word . when he sings , he spends all the time looking down , so you ca n't even lip read . i do n't think he has stage presence and i think it will be hard to grow a fan base with a singer who ca n't form words . he does n't sing clearly and i just ca n't get into his music completely . i think i 'll stick to r&b
books pos 856.txt the emotionally unavailable man should be added to everyone 's self-help library . ms. henry clearly identifies and defines the problem , then prescribles manageable steps for healing . her energetic writing style involves the reader right from the start . even those who do not suffer from emotional detachment will find this book engaging . most may even identify loved ones who either exhibit this or who are involved with someone who exhibits this behavior . clearly this is a book for our times .
music neg 307.txt i like how the people on here who turn to sarcasm when rating this cd think they 're funny . heh , so witty . anywho i 'm not a big fan of fall out boy , but there are a couple of good songs on this cd........notably grand theft autumn and saturday . those are really the only two that hold up its rating for me tho...2 stars
books pos 135.txt consisting entirely of descriptions of fantastical cities supposedly reported by marco polo to kublai khan , calvino 's fiction is sui generis , a completely original mixture of fable and philosophy that is even more imaginative than his more critical theory-oriented " if on a winter 's night a traveler . " this is the kind of novel borges might have written . a celebration of the unbridled imagination , " invisible cities " is also , i am convinced , a secret love letter to a single city : the imaginary dream-city of venice , a place that exists partly as its own reflection in the sea
software pos 383.txt the content gives you 40 years of comic reading for a fraction of the price . however , some of the years ca n't be opened . tried contacting the seller but to no avail . :
books neg 900.txt the information contained within this book was extremely out of date with a strong emphasis on steroids . it is a shame there are not more current and useful books for pet owner out there on this widespread problem .
books neg 150.txt this book really was n't at all what i was expecting , or what the title would lead one to believe . the subtitle , " in search of grace o'malley and other legendary women of the sea , " makes it sound as if this will be a biographical account of the life of grace o'malley , with supplemental information on other historical female seafarers . not so . the first two chapters are devoted to the famous pirate queen herself , and sjoholm only provides the skimpiest bits of information . i knew almost nothing about grace o'malley going into the book , and i know little more than that now . the other women included are discussed in even sparer detail , and most of them are n't even real historical figures , but legendary story characters and mythological creatures like mermaids . she even talks about pippi longstocking ! not what i was expecting at all.. . " the pirate queen " is actually devoted far more to sjoholm 's travels in search of information on female women of the sea than it is to the information itself . i learned more about sjoholm and her own life than about the women she supposedly set out to study . she describes the inns she stayed at , the weather , the tourists she met , her own childhood , the abundance of " personal bath mats " in northern european hotels.. . almost everything but grace o'malley and her cohorts . in fact , the primary underlying theme in the book seems to be how the author came to the decision to change her last name from wilson to sjoholm ; a story which , to be quite honest , i really could n't care less about . i bought the book hoping to learn about interesting historical figures . it turned out to be a travel memoir , and a comparatively uninteresting one at that . this is a shame , really . sjoholm includes just enough information on the various historical women she mentions - grace o'malley herself , bessie millie , janet forsyth , christian robertson , eliza fraser , isobel gunn , betty mouat , freydis eiriksdottir , skipper thuridur , trouser-beret , alfhild , the " herring lassies , " and numerous mythological characters - to whet my appetite , but then fails to deliver a full , satisfying portrait of any of them . she raises more questions than she answers , and i 'd need to buy numerous additional books to find all the missing information . you may also notice , given the names , that nearly all the women mentioned are northern european in origin . sjoholm entirely omits women seafarers active in other parts of the world , such as the famous pirates anne bonney and mary read who , though from europe , sailed the caribbean . as for sjoholm 's writing style , the book is an easy read , but not a very enjoyable one . sjoholm 's writing is given to an abundance of nearly nauseating metaphors . for example : " the lava fields looked like vanilla cake batter poured over thick jumbles of dates , walnuts , and chocolate chips . in the sun the moss could also look like lemon yogurt spooned generously over granola " ( pg . 222 ) . flowery , gratuitous , and often ridiculous images like this are to be found in almost every paragraph.. . peppered throughout the book like poppyseeds in a muffin , you might say.. . it 's not the worst book i 've ever read , but i do wish i 'd spent my money on something else . it does n't deliver what it promises , and there are plenty of more interesting and informative books out there to pick up instead
dvd pos 254.txt sometimes i wonder how it is we do n't live in a vigilante society . people do such awful things and alot of times the system really ca n't / do n't do anything for the victims . well , in this film , this family was not going to just sit there and let the system dictate how their son 's killer would be dealt with . story takes place in a small town where the strout family is a big deal . you know the family that everyone in the community knows and basically the money makers . there is also the fowler family which also make their way in the town . she is a folk song teacher and the father is a doctor and they have 1 college age son , frank , that is dating an older woman ( marisa tomei ) and she has 2 sons . well , the strout family 's son is married to marisa tomei and is not dealing well with the fact that she is dating the college boy and they are n't even divorced yet . ca n't say that i blame him there , but it is inherent that he is a real prick and probably treated her and their sons poorly . moving along , the strout 's son kills frank and because of the strout 's clout and the fact that the ex wife did n't actually see him fire the shot , he is going to get off with manslaughter . this does not sit well with the fowler's . the fowler 's have a friend that has over 300 acres of land , so you can only imagine what happens . i certainly do n't condone vigilantism , however , i just loved the ending . the strout family put up property and funds to cover his bail , so since it appeared that he jumped bail , they will lose all of that . beautiful ! then , they were able to get some pleasure from the fact that they will never have to see that jerk again roaming the streets . i could n't help but get some satisfaction out of that myself . very real and very interesting . great movie
books neg 596.txt not a great deal of new insight here . i did learn a bit more than i knew , however , about meade 's failure to pursue at gettysburg . mr. boritt is the editor and author of one essay ; other essays are by four historians : stephen w . sears , mark e . neely , jr. , michael fellman , and john y . simon . ( alan j . jacob
music pos 582.txt very good piece of music history . i still like the lp 's sound a bit better then cd 's due to some of the characteristic noise flaws but unfortunately lp 's do not play in the car .
camera pos 706.txt i am very satisfied with this purchase . it is exactly what i wanted . i purchased 5 more as business gifts for important clients
health neg 856.txt the flexible arm is not stiff enough to support the dry weight of the showerhead . this is the most pathetic product that i have seen in decades
books neg 802.txt every once in a while i like to pick up a book that is outside the realm of usual reading , and look for a surprise , or spark to keep the fires of imagination from dying out - it is with this mindset i picked up " would n't take nothing for my journey now . " and what did i find as a result of my maverick literary exploration ? ehh.. . ms. angelou may not take anything for her journey , but based on the cover price she will take $17.00 to tell you a bit about it , and even this may not even seem like that bad a deal were it not for the fact that either her journey was bland , her insights wanting or her conclusions misguided - whatever the cause , this book is dreadful . if you are looking for the usual meaningless new age spiritual gobble-gook ; i.e. , about boundaries , respect , finding ones direction , learning what it means to be a women , etc. then this journey is for you - but if you see this nonsense as the nonsense it is , you will be best served my buckling up your shoes and journeying elsewhere
music neg 785.txt in many ways a relic of its era , " not of this earth " is the first widely distributed release by joe satriani ( a previous ep ended up being reissued as part of " time machine " , years later ) . the guitarist , supported by drummer jeff campitelli and percussionist john cuniberti came into public attention when steve vai , a former student of satriani , ended up singing his teacher 's praises in the music press . the result is that this album , more than likely to have been lost in the shuffle of instrumental rock music , received wider recognition and poised satriani to explode into a bonafide celebrity on his next record . the album itself is a bit uneven- - satriani is a flawlessly brilliant guitarist , but as a songwriter , he was n't quite ready . several pieces ( " not of this earth " , " hordes of locusts " ) seem to run out of steam before they end , and a couple ( " the snake " , " driving at night " ) feel like bad ' 80s metal . on the other hand , several pieces shine- - delicate and lovely " rubina " , reggaeish and emotionally soaked " memories " , and the overtly frippesque " new day " are all fine examples of what satriani is capable of . but my favorite is probably " brother john " , where satriani abandons all his effects and performs his delicate and bubbly melody cleantone . in the end , the album is ok , but satriani would go on to do so much more interesting in the future . come back to this one if you 've picked up a bunch of other stuff and are looking for more , but most should start with " surfing with the alien "
dvd neg 177.txt i bought 2 barbie dvd and this is one of them . it 's dark and scary at the beginning and the story line is not that great compare with the other one i have ( mermaidia ) . it does n't attract my daughter like mermaidia and she does n't like it that much . do n't buy this . get the mermaidia one
music neg 197.txt even as dedicated of a radiohead fan as i am , i really do n't care much for this album . i say thank goodness for " creep " because we may have never heard from them again ( or at least not in the same way ) if that song had not become as popular as it did
software neg 789.txt i have been a microsoft money user for many , many years . ( going back to money ' 98 ? i forget . ) i reluctantly upgraded to money 2007 premium earlier this year from money 2004 when i read somewhere that money 2004 was no longer going to be supported . ( i also read that money 2005 , money 2006 , and money 2007 had issues . hence my reluctance to upgrade . ) for years , i have sync'ed money with my online accounts on nearly a daily basis . i 'm that kind of focused on keeping my eye on my money , and money has historically served me very well in this habit . money 2007 does not . since installing it , i have : 1 ) battled with my prior bank for nearly two months to get them to figure out by money 2007 does not synchronize with their systems . 2 ) installed and reinstalled money 2007 on several different workstations to test the synchronization issue with my years-old money file and new , empty money files . always fails . 3 ) now i have *switched banks* thinking the syncing issue was my bank 's fault . it wasn't . it 's microsoft money 's fault . syncing fails *every* time with a helpful obres 22063 error . oh , yea , that one ! we all know just what that is . i have read every microsoft knowledge base article i can find . i have perused public.microsoft.money and other usenet groups . i have googled . i have read blogs . the only thing i find is that lots of people have this problem with lots of different financial institutions , and microsoft is doing nothing about it in money 2004 , this worked flawlessly nearly every time . why did it break ? ! ? ! ! so if you 're looking to have money synchronize with your accounts online , look elsewhere . but if you 're all about putting everything in manually , this product will serve you just fine . buy a copy of quicken instead !
software neg 816.txt i installed the product hoping it would help me with all the errors i was getting ( i have windows xp ) . well , 2 weeks and $200 it 's what it took for me to have my computer repaired . it would not let me log on to windows , i got errors i 've never seen and it completely messed all my files . big waste of money . i had to re-format my hard drive and my computer is only 1 month old ! !
dvd pos 347.txt this re-telling of the so-called " zoot suit riots " that rocked the los angeles homefront during world war ii gets the facts right , but tells them rather poorly . part of it is the super-stagey presentation , which basically is a filming of the play this was based on ( right down to the shaking props and backdrops ) and which takes little advantage of the possibilities of the film medium . plus , edward james olmos is absolutely insufferable as the uber-symbolic voice of the barrio , although daniel valdez and tyne daly ( ! ) are okay in their respective roles as a young man railroaded by the white establishment for a crime he did not commit , and as the commie agitator who comes to his defense . anyone interested in the time period and in chicano politics may benefit from watching this - - i rented it while doing some reseach on the " pachucho " r&b music scene - - but in dramatic and filmic terms , this is not a first-rate production . it 's hammy and ham-fisted . latter-day star spotting : el teatro campesion veteran robert beltran ( of future " star trek voyager " notoriety ) has a bit role as a modern-day audience member. .
books pos 457.txt an amazing resource to the odd world of chick collecting . mr. fowler has crafted an exhausting , almost overwhelming guide to all of chick 's works and articles about him . everything is cross-referenced to the point of where the reader is nearly overwhelmed with information . minute details of publishing histories and changes to individual tracts are documented down to the smallest letter . the book ( presented in a distinctive computer printout style , possibly due to its origins as a self-published work ) is packed with charts of pricing info and catalog numbers . but even casual chick fans will enjoy the & quot ; history of the world&quot ; segment , which ties all of jack 's wild theories into a cohesive narrative , and a segment devoted entirely to fun trivia ( there 's a list of every instance of the term & quot ; haw&quot ; for instance ) . each tract and comic is described , and info is given on various parodies and rip-offs . this is a must for all chick fans ( both & quot ; saved&quot ; and otherwise )
dvd neg 160.txt this could have been one of the best films of the 80's . all of the components are there . ford gives the best acting of his career . the production is elegant and holds up as often breathtaking even by today 's standards . two things however really bring this movie down . the major negative here i believe is polanski 's insistence on starring emmanuelle seigner . this is one of the sexiest women i have ever seen grace a film , but it is the understatement of the year to say that she ca n't act at all . in fact , i think that she might have just about turned in the worst acting performance i have ever seen in this film and it totally destroys ford 's performance . when the film was over i thought about it and came to the conclusion that there is really two halves here . the first half is dynamite ; the second with seigner is a totally different beast , your average stupid kid thriller . watch this film and dare contradict my statement here . get beyond her obvious good looks and tell me she just was not meant for this part . it 's so bad that ford fades into the background in any scene that she was also in . ok , the second negative in this film are these two agents that keep popping up . there is no explanation ever given as to how they knew where ford and seigner would be time and time again . it really ruins what could have been a very nicely done and subtle plot . they were never needed and muddle an otherwise great story . i am really kind of mad with polanski here . he destroyed what could have been one of the better films he has made . and this statement comes from one who worships the ground polanski walks on .
camera pos 737.txt pros : compact and complete , this portable lighting studio offers flexibility with it 's reversible backdrop ( gray / blue ) . i also have used the black back panel for some shots as well . construction quality is good ( i found one of my cats sleeping on the top panel , which is fabric and held in place with velcro tabs ) , sturdy enough for its intended purpose . i like the output of the lights- -seems to be a broad spectrum similar to daylight . cons : only one complaint : the output of the lights could be stronger . requires a tripod to gain depth of field with a smaller aperture
health neg 249.txt i mostly want a bookstand that would hold a paperback book for me . this cannot do that at all . however , that is not just because it is meant for large books . it ca n't really hold textbooks very well either . the one that i bought ended up in a box in storage , and i doubt i 'll ever use it again
software pos 631.txt i upgraded from the 2003 version with no major problems . the 2007 version is a bit easier to use and works just fine for my small business . the security , however , is not great for a mid-sized company . since my accountant fully supports the product , they are always available for support
books pos 740.txt this pocket companion serves as a concise overview of the most important facts & amp ; concepts from the parent textbook ( guyton 's textbook of medical physiology ) . however , it does not contain all the details or some clinical relevances , that 's why you have to go back to the parent textbok for furthur info
health pos 201.txt i bought one of these to squeege the water out of my past-shoulder-length hair . it works great ! i gotta admit , it 's just big enough for my head and i have a teeny little cranium so normal adults would probably prefer to buy the " extra large " size towel ( which is n't really all that large .
camera pos 141.txt after checking prices with all the usual pricing bots , i found a better price , including free shipping , by going directly to amazon . this lowest price did not appear in the other searches , so it pays to go to amazon first . i replaced my canon sd400 with the casio and find the controls more logical to use . this is important if you do n't use the camera for a while , because you can just pick it up and start shooting without hunting for the manual . also , the docking base is much more convenient than plugging small cables into the camera . you do not have to remove the battery in the casio to charge it as you do with the canon sd400. the vga movie quality is superior on the casio . still pictures appear to be about equal . amazon delivered by ups in record time even with a weekend inbetween . i ordered on a friday and received it the following tuesday . go with amazon !
books neg 348.txt book contains many useful lists / charts / comparisons to define giftedness . many helpful hints about raising a gifted child . main criticism is that the book is more about raising children in general - - and may push those with & quot ; normal&quot ; kids into thinking they have gifted ones and down that track - - when they should not . gifted kids are the exception , not the norm as this book makes it seem
dvd pos 467.txt very entertaining movie . i enjoyed everything about this movie- - - the acting , the humor , the singing and storyline ! also being from san diego originally , it was nice to see famous hotel and landmark , the hotel del coronado , being used in this movie as the hotel in which the all girls band performed and stayed ! no the hotel was n't the seminole ritz in florida !
software pos 194.txt this is a great item for any collector or new fans to the x-men . all the older along with the newer issues look great . the cd includes all issues of the uncanny x-men ( 1-461 ) along with giant sized and annual issues . there is also comprehensive biographies on the more popular characters and artwork and layouts of the xaiver institute . could it of had more content , maybe , but this will keep one busy for a long time . with easy maneuverabiltity , this is a highly addictive cd with virtually months of entertainment
software pos 777.txt simply the tool for getting your business put together . it 's able to do just about everything you 'd ever want to do ! !
software neg 870.txt i have used turbo tax for as long as i can remember . i have always purchased their business and their personal tax products . generally i had been satisfied . however this year after spending much time over many months working on a complicated return , turbo tax dumped all the data including that which was saved many times over several months . it corrupted all but 2kb of data and ca n't even open that . of course you ca n't get a person via telephone or email . i would give them o stars if that was an option . so long intuit
music pos 446.txt building a library of oldies to listen to just would n't be complete without this album .
dvd neg 943.txt bad , bad , bad . bad acting , bad writing , bad directing . i was sort of neutral about dicaprio until i saw this steaming pile of bad acting . consequently , since seeing this , i have n't voluntarily watched another dicaprio performance . it was a huge mistake by the director ( or the screen writer ) to not set this in the era in which jim carroll grew up . or if it was meant to be , it failed astoundingly with glaring anachronisms
books pos 466.txt seventeen-year-old catherine morland has always been preoccupied with three very important things : dancing , dressing , and reading sensational novels . but doing these things wo n't get you a husband , or acquaint you with other young ladies , such as yourself . so , upon request from a neighbor , catherine is invited to spend some time in bath - a fashionable town , where catherine will have the opportunity to interact with people of her own age and stature , who are not related to her . and that is where the naive catherine meets up with the thorpe family . quickly becoming friends with isabella thorpe , catherine begins spending much of her time with the illustrious , yet conniving family . and it is only when catherine is rescued by henry tilney , along with his charming sister , eleanor , and whisked off to their ancestral home , known only as northanger abbey . there , catherine 's choice of reading material - mysteries and ghost stories , that is - comes back to haunt her ; for northanger abbey is victim to terrible noises in the night - such as creaking , and frightening winds , that leave catherine feeling as if she is residing in a haunted place herself . the fact that the enormous house is filled with various locked doors , and a curious history only heightens young catherine 's suspicions , and makes her question what mystery and secrets are lurking within northanger abbey , and the tilney family , in general . jane austen has been a favorite of mine since i was very young , but it was not until this past weekend that i happened upon northanger abbey while browsing through the bookstore , and decided to purchase it . i will admit that , hands down , this has become one of my favorite austen books . catherine is an enchanting character , whose innocence , and naivete make her charming from beginning to end ; while her overactive imagination leaves the reader chuckling in delight at the many crazy notions she creates within that bright head of hers . catherine 's interactions with isabella thorpe , and the rest of the thorpe family are intrepid , and truly make you feel strong emotion towards those particular characters ; while the charming henry tilney - like mr. darcy - makes you root for a romance to blossom between our dashing businessman , and our young heroine . a wonderful , satirical piece of fiction , that should certainly be discovered by anyone who calls themselves an austen fan . erika sorocco book review columnist for the community bugle newspape
camera neg 646.txt very good product very satisfied , the night vision is great clarity is very good and portability is awesome plus the price is even bette
health pos 694.txt i have a waterpik that i 've used for years . after a while the tips will break . try finding them in a store - not ! welcome amazon ! they have the waterpik replacement tips for a reasonable price . if you go to waterpik online they double the price due to shipping ! ! ! amazon rocks
music pos 535.txt this truly is a masterpiece of pop music . there is not a wasted moment . the songs all blend together majestically one after the other . you really must listen from beginning to end to get the full effect . i agree with the reviewer that stated that ' do n't look back ' is one of the best songs i have ever heard . i told a colleague that my heart melts when it plays . i do n't mean to be gushing but this album stands apart . i had to put it away for awhile because it is somewhat addictive .
books pos 898.txt this book introduces us to the colorful world of a bygone era , that of border radio . brilliant technicians constructed gargantuan transmitters along the border towns of texas / mexico and beamed their signal into all of north america - one angry resident complained that was all he could get on his radio . these stations were distinguished by their call signs that began with an ' x' . this spawned an industry of singers , politicians , preachers and pitchman the type we now see on & quot ; infomercials&quot ; . mail was the barometer of the day - the more mail you & quot ; pulled&quot ; in from listeners the more clout you carried with stations - & quot ; keep those cards and letters coming ! & quot ; new federal regulations put an end to this wild world but not until the airwaves crackled with everyone from wolfman jack to the rev . ike - & quot ; get out of the ghetto and get into the get-mo ! & quot ; this is a marvelously written treasure trove that will be welcomed by anyone interested in radio , salesmanship , and american sub-cultures and the bizarre
books neg 446.txt i have the first edition of this book and had problems with recipes , some i knew were wrong and could figure them out . i heard from the publisher and there were more than 20 mistakes which were fixed in subsequent printings . so if you are buying this do not get the first edition ! !
camera pos 585.txt this battery recharger does its job well . no bells or whistles , just plug it in , put the battery in , and wait for the red light to turn green
music pos 19.txt a friend loaned me her cd and i absolutely loved it......but i could not purchase it anywhere.....my daughter suggested i contact you.....results , results ! ! ! ! thank you ! a most outstanding seasonal soft listening cd
camera pos 587.txt this camcorder is the best i have ever had ! i have 5 others all higher and lower priced models for my business , i do video photography as one of my jobs . i love this camera , i dont know what would do without it ! my kids can even operate it , we have made so many quality movies at home . i also use this camcorder for paid wedding and special occasion videos , it works great and i love the brand i really perfer it to others . its not for you if you arent going to use alot or have a problem with the size , i dont think it 's that big but then again i use some equipment thats enormous . this is not a palm caamcorder . once you figure out if this is the camera for you , you will be please , i enjoy it a lot ! ! there are descriptions of the camcorder , options and quality of the product on this page . i love it and hope my short review helps . i know this is a non-detail review but all the info is on this page . this isnt for a person looking for a $400 dollar camera , if you want quality movies or use it for your job , ect . i really think this one is great ! hope this is useful , camcorder fanati
camera pos 898.txt i bought a spare battery for my d70s and charged it up one time . since then , i have been waiting to use my spare but the original ( charged hundreds of pictures ago ) has been going strong for , literally , months . follow the directions . do n't use it until your fully charge and do n't recharge until it 's run down . this will help maintain battery life . good product from a great company
health neg 802.txt i bought this item for my wife exactly four months ago ( 9-15-06 ) and she said it was working well for most of the four months . she had concerns because the electrical cord which attachs to the unit rotates and when it rotated to certain angles , the heat would turn off ( as indicated by the green light which is either off , flickers or solid ) . as she used it , the problem became more and more frequent . now , the unit will not work unless it is at one point and at a certain angle ( which i guess allows electricity to go to the unit ) . i tried taping it to that location but the cord also has to stay at that certain angle which is impossible to maintain when using the iron . this is not very good for such an expensive item which gets alot of twisting and turning use and should have the highest materials and workmanship to prevent electrical . my wife admits that like anyone the unit has been dropped , but that should not cause an electrical cord problem . dropping the iron risks breaking the two flat iron ceramic plates , which are still perfectly intact . the problem is that because of the cord , and the way a flat iron is used , there is alot of cord twisting . for what is advertised as a " professional " device and at a cost which only a professional would normally purchase , we cannot believe that this could be used in a " professional " environment . my wife only uses it six or seven times a week , not six or seven times a day like in a salon . we highly recommend that you stay away from this product .
software neg 459.txt this was the most user unfriendly turbotax i have ever used . the schedule c imported misinformation , had to keep forcing in the correct info . and i just found out my state taxes were received showing i owed a completely different amount than what i had electronically filed . i have used this program for years , but after this , never again ! ! ! let this be a warning to others
software neg 3.txt i found this title messing around adding things to my wish list . i only read the blurb on amazon enough to see haitian creaole listed as one of the languages . today updating my wish list i took extra time to find out why this was rated so low since nearly every thing on my list is 4 stars or more ! how unfortunate to find out that others before me made the mistake i almost made buying this in hopes of it having haitian creole ! very disappointing ! ! ! ! the makers should be ashamed
music pos 612.txt this is one of his best cd's . you really have to listen to the words on the cd , he takes you to whole another level . he is one of the best r&b singers ever , just close your eyes and listen to the song " maybe " and think of that special place for you and your lady
camera neg 938.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [...
music pos 801.txt studio album released in 1971 , by the original band-a real band with alice cooper , neal smith , dennis dunaway , michael bruce , and glen buxton . i think the other band members ( apart from cooper ) , got the short end of the stick . this album , along with these ' love it to death ' , ' billion dollar babies ' , and ' love it to death ' are so vastly superior to ' his ' other albums . the band plays and writes really well together as a ' real ' band . case in point , listen to ' dada ' from a few years later-dreadful ! just wish he had kept a proper band together , even if he fealt that they were not as musically good as some of the late session musicians . rock is about feel , more than technique in my opinion . i ca n't even listen to ' dada ' or
camera pos 861.txt great seller ! shipping was very fast ! this battery out does the oem one that came with the camera.. . very happy ! thank
health neg 8.txt this pedometer is so much cheaper ( ~$7 ) than the typical decent ones ( that go for about $18 - $20 ) .. now i know it is for a reason. . the buttons are flimsy , the package looks very cheap , the one i bought and presented to a senior citizen - did not work , also found that the sr citizen found it very hard to use the buttons on this little device. . terrible ergonomics / form factor . would recommend spending a bit more and getting the omron / oregon sc $18 pedometers - much better form factor , high reliability and quality
dvd neg 559.txt i bought the faith hill dvd to hear her sing but instead the songs were interrupted with talking . i would rather have had the talking put to one side and be able to place the music uninterrrupted . wish i could get my money back ! ! ! so spend your money on another dvd
books pos 874.txt whenever my eczema flared up , my friends would tell me i 'm too stressed out . i did n't feel that way , not much more stressed out than usual , so the timing of the flare ups and the stress level at that time was sometimes confusing . after reading this book , however , i recognized it 's much more than just the simple stress - more deeply rooted issues i 've apparently held for a long time . i had vaguely suspected this may be the case , but did n't know how / where to start . this book gave me the guidance to do that on my own . i agree with 3 other reviewers completely . i no longer feel helpless and scared when i can feel my skin starting to flare up . i am not yet free from eczema , but knowing what may be the underlying cause of it , and how to calm it down , i have much stronger sense of being in control of my skin , body and my life
software pos 677.txt seems to do the trick . i do n't use it personally but mom likes it
books neg 451.txt this is definitely not one of my favorite books about stocks . the title of the book is a little deceiving , the author talks a lot about option instead of stocks and half the book is about stock splits . chapters 1-4 are about general info , such as you must buy and sell to make money , do n't hold for a long time . you must research the stock before purchase , eps must increase every year . i did n't find anything in those chapters that i did n't already know . chapters 5-10 is all about stock splits and when to purchase the stock as well as when to sell . once again , the author talks about the obvious ; buy when you hear that stock is splitting and sell after the split before the after split dip . chapter 11 gets into more advanced trading techniques , the bull put spread . this is not something that i use or will use in my trading . chapter 12 is the concluding chapter
books pos 63.txt i have never been a big fan of motivational books , because they seem so " pie in the sky " if you know what i mean . but a friend recommended this one to me and told me it was different . he was right . it was easy to read and in fact i did n't want to put it down . but what i really liked was the " how to " part of the book . after all , it 's no good reading about other people 's success stories if you do n't know how to make your own . also , something i thought was interesting is that the author has a website called success compass which helps you set goals and then e-mails you a reminder several times a day . i guess the real key to success is not allowing yourself to forget what you want , and this website does n't let you forget . hmmmmm . . . electronic nagging as the key to success ! ; - ) hey , whatever works
dvd pos 402.txt the thesis of guns , germs and steel gives the most logical explanation for the inequality in development in the world today . not based on one group of people being inherently smarter than other groups , but based on a group of people favored by their environment and other factors.....very interesting theory that should be given more study .
software pos 342.txt i purchased this program about 1.5 years ago . i have been casually studying german through other programs for about 4 years . the best basic words-only is through unforgettable languages ( very basic , but easy as heck to learn ) . rosetta stone is the best for understanding gender , verb usage and adapting to the german style of sentence structure . i absolutely love all the functionality and versatility of the program . it is incredibly challenging to go from reading to typing and to speaking . the only negative is that the cd has to be used to run the program . even with an accelerated cd-rom , the starting / stopping of the cd is distracting . if that feature were corrected , it would be perfect
dvd pos 184.txt this 2-disc dvd set is a must have ! herein are contained 29 classic shorts spanning from 1930 to 1947 , in the first of what will likely be a 2 volume collection . included are some of pluto 's , and disney 's best cartoons , from the oscar winning remake " lend a paw , " to the first appearance of chip ` n ' dale in " private pluto . " here is a rundown of what you get in this wonderful dvd set ! disc 1 : the chain gang ( 1930 ) : in this black and white mickey mouse short , mickey is a prisoner in a chain gang who , after musical antics result in a riot , makes a break for it ! two bloodhounds , officially considered the first appearance of pluto in a double role , are hot on his trail . on ice ( 1935 ) : in this early , color mickey mouse cartoon , the whole gang is enjoying a day on the ice , but donald duck 's prank playing nature puts pluto in the spotlight . pluto 's quin-puplets ( 1937 ) : in this familiar classic , the first " official " pluto short , we meet pluto 's family , as his mate , fifi , leaves him to watch over their 5 puppies while she goes after some sausages . the outcome of which is a drunken pluto and a fascinating paint catastrophe , resulting in some bizarre looking pups . great short ! beach picnic ( 1939 ) : donald duck , the official star of this short , sets out to have a picnic on the beach with pluto in tow , but the day is spoiled by a familiar flypaper routine and those pesky ants ! the duck and the dog are great together ! bone trouble ( 1940 ) : butch and pluto battle it out over a bone here , the highlight of which is that famous funhouse mirror routine that saves the day ! great moments with pluto in the hall of mirrors ! pluto 's playmate ( 1941 ) : while pluto is playing with a ball on the beach , a seal takes interest and becomes determined to make friends , despite the dog 's resistance . classic type of pluto story , to be repeated again and again in future shorts . canine caddy ( 1941 ) : mickey heads out for a game of golf , but pluto and a gopher louse things up ! lend a paw ( 1941 ) : this oscar winning short about kindness to animals is pure disney magic ! surprisingly , it 's a remake of a black and white mickey short ! great story about pluto regretfully rescuing a drowning kitten that starts to take his place in mickey 's home . pluto 's devil and angel make their most memorable appearance in this one ! pluto , junior ( 1942 ) : pluto 's pup , pluto junior , ca n't seem to stay out of danger , even in his own backyard ! the army mascot ( 1942 ) : pluto notices how well fed the local army mascots are and decides to try to replace one of them . he foolishly chooses a grouchy goat ! the sleepwalker ( 1942 ) : pluto meets his second great cartoon love , dina the dachshund , in this classic short . however , he 's more interested in hanging onto his bone than sparking romance . too bad his sleepwalking is working against him . t-bone for two ( 1942 ) : pluto and butch the bulldog clash again , in another epic battle over a bone . pluto at the zoo ( 1942 ) : this excellent short is full of animal antics , as pluto attempts to steal a bone from a lion 's dish at the zoo . love the gorilla scene ! disc 2 : pluto and the armadillo ( 1943 ) : on a trip to brazil , pluto 's ball gets mixed up with a friendly armadillo in a brief stop off between flights ! very cute short that features mickey , too ! private pluto ( 1943 ) : pluto is given orders to guard a cannon from suspected saboteurs . to our delight , those saboteurs are chip ` n ' dale in their first ever appearance ! they 're living in the gun and using it to crack and store their nut supply ! springtime for pluto ( 1944 ) : this rarely seen , very colorful pluto short is a pure delight ! it 's rarities like this that are the gold nuggets of the disney treasures series ! the pan-like spirit of spring awakes pluto to a bright new day , but his enjoyment is eventually smothered by the down-sides of nature . first aiders ( 1944 ) : hooray , pluto and figaro ! this short is one of those great disney team-ups that features a star from disney 's " pinocchio , " figaro the cat ! in this old fave of mine ( i love pluto and figaro shorts ) , the boys battle it out while minnie attempts to practice her first-aid skills on them . dog watch ( 1945 ) : this is another fave of mine ! pluto is a navy dog , and is given orders to keep intruders off the ship . a pesky rat causes trouble for him though , setting his sights on the ship 's galley ! canine casanova ( 1945 ) : pluto is madly in love with dina , but ca n't get her to return the sentiment , until he rescues her from the local dog pound ! the legend of coyote rock ( 1945 ) : another old fave ! pluto is a sheepdog that has to fend off the legendary bent tail , the coyote ! canine patrol ( 1945 ) : in this short , pluto works for the u.s. coast guard and takes his job a little too seriously , doing his best to keep a cute little turtle off the beach ! pluto 's kid brother ( 1946 ) : k.b. ca n't stay out of trouble , and he badly needs big bro pluto 's help when butch tricks him into robbing a butcher shop ! in dutch ( 1946 ) : pluto is the local milk delivery dog in a little dutch village . he and dina get in trouble one day , when pluto 's wooing results in a false dike alarm sounding off . but , when the dike actually does spring a leak , it 's pluto and dina who save the day ! squatter 's rights ( 1946 ) : chip ` n ' dale are back to torment pluto again , when mickey and pluto find them living in the stove of a cabin they are vacationing in ! the purloined pup ( 1946 ) : a wealthy puppy has been dognapped ! it 's up to police dog pluto to locate the poor pup in the hideout of the number one suspect , butch the bulldog ! pluto 's housewarming ( 1947 ) : when pluto is moving into a luxurious new doghouse , he discovers an unwanted houseguest in the form of that cute little turtle . he has bigger things to worry about , though , when butch decides to move in too ! from the vault : pantry pirate ( 1940 ) , separated due to ethnic stereotype content : pluto does his best to sneak food from the kitchen without the housekeeper suspecting . from the vault : a gentleman 's gentleman ( 1941 ) , separated due to ethnic stereotype content : one of pluto 's best cartoons , pluto is the perfect dog to his master , mickey , and takes every aspect of his role very seriously , including going to the corner to buy a paper . this is a fantastic collection of classic disney cartoons , necessary for the disney or pluto fanatic ! extras include introductions from leonard maltin , pluto 101 ( an in-depth look into drawing and animating pluto ) , the life and times of pluto ( a featurette about the pup himself ) , pluto 's picture book ( a section of the disneyland tv show episode " a story of dogs , " that focuses on the career of pluto ) , pluto 's pal fergy ( a tribute to norm ferguson , the animator credited with developing pluto ) , fantastic photo galleries ( including sunday comics , posters , backgrounds , etc.. . ) , a dvd booklet , a certificate of authenticity , and a lovely collectible poster art card . the packaging has gone a little cheaper than past releases ( no more paper wraparounds , no more printing on the back of the tin ) , and i 'm getting more and more annoyed with only getting half-episodes of the disneyland tv series . will it kill ` em to give us complete eps ? otherwise , another outstanding disney treasures set ! ca n't wait for the next wave , and pluto volume 2 !
dvd pos 449.txt out of the seasons i have seen 1-5 this is my absolute favorite because sophia is my favorite character ans she just shines in this one . she has some classic moments like when she goes to a friends funeral makes up with her friends husbad then comes home to get " lucky " and then married . she leaads a secret life by doing volenteer work at a hospital and many many more great things . the rest of the girls are great also ( as usual ) this is definatley the girls at their bes
health pos 727.txt this product was reffered to me by my hairstylist after she noticed alot of frizziness and breakage in my hair . this has worked beautifully to protect my hair from the blowdryer and straightening iron ! i would give this product 10 stars if it were available ! my hair is very smooth and very healthy looking because of this product and other products by chi . i absolutely recommend this to anyone
dvd neg 394.txt sit down under a tree , give it a big hug , fire up you bong and go to sleep . that 's what i was waiting for freeman to do all movie . it 's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this sci-fi hippie flick . i 'm surprised that freeman 's suit was n't tie-dyed . keep your money say no to drugs !
camera pos 522.txt i purchased this camera case for the kodak z650. this case is perfect for the kodak z650. it looks and feels like a high quality camera case and does allow for the storage of an sd card or two . i 'm very happy with this purchase
software neg 108.txt an internet search found complaints about not receiving rebates . why would they give you something for nothing ? i have had several rebate problems and most of them involved free items or insanely cheap items . this " free " software could cost you $30 if the company decides they do n't want to pay
books neg 903.txt i simply do not see any point in mixing crime fiction with crime and punishment .
software neg 807.txt bought system mechanic 6 pro online , it repairs but reports problems but you cannot get information at all . none of the modules report what is being done . if you need assistance forget it , all you get from iolo is go see the faq 's , i do n't think humans work there just a computer that generates emails . stay away from this company ! !
health pos 20.txt the cherry covered choccolate luna bars are quite tasty . chances are , if you 're eating a chocolate cherry nutrition bar , you need a little enticement to eat healthy . like all these bars you do get sick of the same flavor day after day . i recommend alternating between these and another bar that 's not so sweet ( kashi trail mix bars are perfect ) . that helps me stick to the bars instead of hitting up the zillion calorie pastries at the corner coffee shop
books neg 877.txt i found it to lean very heavily towards a hierarchal view of the relationship between men and women . men are to rule , and women are to submit to that rule . the authors appear to see women as perpetual children who need to be under the continual domination of men , rather than as adults who deal with men on an adult level . i suggest anyone who reads this books should also read " discovering biblical equality . " it gives another view of how the christians world see the role of women
health neg 783.txt broke after two uses , buttons are hard to switch , and drying time was not better than my old-school model . in fact , my hair was frizzier . i was kinda glad it broke . i wish i had read the reviews before i bought this
dvd neg 938.txt the main character came across as gay to me too . this movie is in no way realistic . the other reviewer is right about everything . it 's a really cheap movie made by amateurs using plastic toy guns , the actors jerk the guns to make them look like they have a kick . the & quot ; martial arts&quot ; in the movie are weak and sloppy , there 's no way that crap would actually work in real life . i do n't even know why i bothered to watch the whole thing , i guess i just found the stupidity amusing . the cover makes it look like it would be a cool movie , unfortunately that 's the only thing they put much effort into . i rented it from block buster too , they need to burn it . this movie looks like some kind of a high school project or something , like they had to make a movie to pass drama class
books pos 67.txt once again mr. updike delivers an insightful story of life in suburbia and what lurks in the hearts and minds of men and women - love , lust , betrayal , self doubt . villages relates owen 's life as only john updike can . the last chapter gets a little too long and not as enjoyable as the rest of the book , but i will certainly recommend it to all my friends
dvd neg 126.txt the reviewer who called this a disney " bait & switch " hit the nail right on the head ! i , too , remember seeing all these episodes on tv as a kid , then later on disney channel , and was awaiting these to be released on dvd , as i have already purchased the davy crockett and tomorrowland sets and loved them both ; but imagine my overt disappointment when i read the actual details of this slapped together , third rate offering ! i never cared for the elfego baca story , i had been known to go to my room and voluntarily do my homework on sunday nights when these episodes played , but i would have gladly paid the price for this set if it had included all of the " swamp fox " episodes ! above and beyond the fact that i am proud to have francis marion as a distant relative , and that i hail from the same part of our great country as this hero of the revolutionary war , who , with his compatriots , probably contributed as much as george washington , thomas jefferson , or any of the other founding fathers to win us our freedom , i really loved this story just for itself ! not only have i decided not to waste my money on this incomplete set , i have even gone as far as removing it from my " wish list " to save the funds of my family and friends , as well ! i shall wait to see , hopefully , if disney will ever release the entire " swamp fox " story in a complete set , for which i would gladly pay their somewhat exorbitant price
music pos 929.txt this is a difficult album to review . people either embrace it or pass it off as an overproduced , overblown waste of their time . however , i can say that this is my favorite oasis album . why ? that 's a very good question...maybe because be here now was my introduction to oasis , and i could tell that this band had a lot to offer , even through the drug-addled , overproduced songs that seemed to last forever . each one is very catchy and has an overall feel-good quality to it , two characteristics of most oasis songs . it 's no use comparing be here now to morning glory or def . maybe , because it 's in a whole other ballpark . this is oasis going totally over the top and pushing their music to the limit . no doubt that all the coke helped with that . it 's my firm belief that morning glory and def . maybe were and still are great albums in their own rights . be here now is just something else , you either love it or hate it . it has it 's own little oasis category . i can see why it never really lived up to its two famous predecessors . there are some valid complaints about this album , though . one , it is very very overproduced , filled to the top with snarling buzzing guitars and who knows what else . unfortunately , this makes it hard to listen to with earphones for very long . two , the songs are astonishingly long at times . all around the world , while an excellent song , clocks in at around 9:20. i believe that the shortest song is i hope , i think , i know , coming in at 4:23. so you know you 're in for a long , wild ride . however , only oasis could pull this off - making ridiculously long songs that are almost ear-numbing to listen to - and every minute is made enjoyable . all the arrogance , coke , and swagger in these songs is perhaps what makes it so appealing to some people . and of course , there 's that small note on the upper left-hand corner of pages 7 and 8 in the booklet that proclaims : " the beatles are quite good , but oasis is much better . " and so a resounding yes to all of these : overproduced , arrogant , drug-induced , staggering , amazing , excellent . i do n't care about the negative things , though , because that 's what makes be here now a sucess in its own right .
health neg 278.txt it worked quite nicely until after about 9 months the display just stopped working . changed the batteries to no avail . it 's very pretty , but i have a less attractive old tanita that does body fat measurements which has been working for 5 years
camera pos 874.txt i purchased the pentax k10d digital slr about four weeks ago , and am very happy with this camera and the two lenses- -18-55mm and 50-200mm . with the shake reduction and anti-dust features , you can ` t go wrong . if you went with canon or nikon , you would pay through the nose for their lenses . the construction is very solid with seals that help prevent dust and water entering the camera.the features of the k10d make it a joy to use . i would highly recommend this camera to anyone moving up to a digital slr . i am age 81 , so it ` s never too late to move up the ladder . w.c.rhyn
health neg 153.txt i figured for the price , how could you go wrong ? well my fiancee used this hairdryer at most 5 times a week and in less than 3 months it has now quit working altogether . no hot air , no cold air...nothing ! ! this item looks like a great deal..but save your $$$ and buy something that will last you longer than 2-1 / 2 months . the manufacturer should be ashamed to sell such a product !
books neg 554.txt i am in the planning stages of a new business venture . i have never written a marketing plan before and needed some insight and advice as to what tactics work and how to write the plan itself . this book reads like a list of useful one-liner marketing tips and examples of how the author 's friends have used them . it is not a how to book on writing a marketing plan , and it does not go into much depth as far as how you might accomplish the things that he recommends . the most annoying part of this book is that every other page contains an advertisement for you to join some 12-week commitment mailing list that the author has created . he entices you by saying that you will receive additional tips and information for 12 weeks . hello ! ! ! mcfly ! ! ! did n't i just buy your book so that i could learn your marketing insights ? yes ! so then why do you make it seem like i just paid for the teaser information , and that the good stuff is behind the curtain that requires me to become a pawn in your marketing career ? my price of admission stops at the price of this book , and it should not seem like i 'm only getting half of the story that i paid for !
software pos 895.txt system mechanic 6 professional is an excellent product and it solved all the problems i was having with my computer . it also alerts you of impending problems . i highly recommends this product .
software neg 869.txt do n't buy vista- -any version , yet . ms released it way too early . some examples why : * too many hardware drivers not yet available , i.e. , creative audigy sound cards ; nvidia graphics cards , and linksys wireless network components , just to mention a few . when i contacted product manufacturers , i sensed a ho-hum attitude . moreover , some peripherals are totally incompatible . example : my epson perfection 1650 scanner was rejected by vista , so i was forced to buy a newer model ( epson perfection 4990 photo ) . hmmmm. one wonders whether these sorts of incompatibilities result more by design ( purposely ? ) than from insurmountable technological deficiencies . * too many vista compatible application updates are not yet available . * the " upgrade " versions of ms vista ( versus the " full " versions ) seem to be full of bugs . soon after i installed vista ultimate , i encountered a major problem that ms tech support has been trying to resolve for over two weeks . it is so pervasive that ms outlook 2007 has been affected to the extent that some of its features are not available . it appears that during the installation process , something went awry with " windows event log " and the " event viewer . " furthermore , the latest version ( vista compatible ) of diskeeper 2007 pro will not launch , most likely for the same reason . * it appears ms went way overboard on security features to the extent of paranoia . every time you click on just about anything , a pop-up will appear asking your permission to " allow " it to launch . very annoying , and very unnecessary . it 's as though ms adopted an underlying assumption throughout the development process that the average end user has an iq of about 85. * ms tech support quality has deteriorated substantially . most of the time when you call you will reach someone in india . albeit these people are very polite , they cannot think " outside the box . " nor are they in touch sufficiently enough with the nuances of the english language , thus impairing expeditious understanding on both sides of the conversation . based upon my recent experience with these folks , i sense that a soccer mom could be trained as a ms tech support rep in very little time . what i mean by that is this : during my multiple contacts with them i developed the feeling they rely totally on reading from manuals , scripts , and on-line knowledge bases . in other words , they seem not to be able to analyze and troubleshoot problems independent of external references . * bottom line : do not purchase vista until after service pack 1 is released , or whatever they happen to name their first major fix-it update package . for now , stay with the more reliable xp versions . i truly regret that i had to discover all of this the hard way . it has been very costly in more ways than one .
books pos 689.txt i bought this book when i had my first child . it has provided me with alot of helpful information , especially at night or on the weekend when you 're not sure whether or not to call the doctor . i have worn my original copy out and am about to buy a new one . many thanks to dr. neifert
software pos 830.txt i 've been working with punch as / 4000 since v10.0 was released ( about 12 months ago ) . although i agree in many respects with the positive reviews . for example , there are is a large feature list . however , there are issues with the software . for example : - hard coded limitations in the software design ( e.g. four possible scale options for printing , does not support grid snap smaller than 3 / 8 " or 10mm - which seriously complicates moving things around on a drawing with any degree of precision , very tiny dimension text on windows , etc. ) - inaccuracies : i printed a 1:100 scale drawing that came out at 1:94 approximately ; - i could n't fit a scale house drawing on 8.5 x 11 paper , no print preview ; - there are limitations and inconsistencies with dimensions ( i.e. placement , snap to geometry , etc. ) - the powertools seem to be a series of independently developed add on modules that do n't necessarily conform with the application interface ( e.g. precision , look and feel , functionality ) - the elevation editor is very limited . it basically provides a visual representation of the drawing with some editing and texture applications - ca n't differentiate exterior wall treatments independently from the wall surface ( e.g. brick and siding on the same floor ) . - object library is very limited for plumbing fixtures , furniture , windows , etc. common items are n't in the library nor are they easy to find . ( you can create them yourself though ) . - the 3d object editor is ok but not terribly intuitive . - multi-floor buildings get complicated to work with once you add floors or ceilings . - once you add objects , drawings get big and slow very quickly . - import / export is limited in short as / 4000 could use an overhaul , an updated object library , a major upgrade to scale and printing and an overall clean-up to create a more integrated and functional product . also , incorporate user feedback into future releases
dvd pos 144.txt this movie is high in my top 10 off all times list , and is probably the best ' mainstream hollywood ' movie i can think of . i watched it for the 3rd or 4th time and it is just as enjoying , thrilling and suspenseful as it was when i saw it first more than 10 years ago . my 12 years old daughter watched it with me for the first time and enjoyed it just as well . great performance by all cast but especially hanks , paxton and beacon . probably ron howard best film ever
music pos 958.txt ....and secured their musical legacy . the real thing was a solid rock / rap mixture with newly hired mike patton providing vocals . on angel dust , patton had a lot more creative input , providing his wonderful vocal stylings and schizophrenic persona to faith no more . it 's a joyous ride that after a less than stellar performance initially , has become something of a cult classic and favorite among many newer acts - and with good reason . this album is all over the board . land of sunshine reads like a list of fortune cookies ( which is the supposed inspiration ) , while caffeine is an anthem for patton 's drug of choice , and one of fnm 's most energetic recordings . then there is the occaisonal oddball track showing patton 's range and sense of fun , like rv , which is like a melancholic rant from the stereotypical figure you might find living in an rv . not exactly bilboard material , but fun . adding to the record were the internal tensions of the band . jim martin was having creative differences , yet pumps out some of his best work here . tensions may have fueld a more agressive record , and fnm would never sound better than they do on this album . it 's the bands chemistry - both good and bad - that make this album work . commercially , this might have not been the hit the record company wanted , but its legacy can still be heard today and it 's still a great record to crank up for a drive , barely showing its 15 year old age
camera pos 610.txt it is light ; has 6x magnification ; and easy to use . this little tool is great for any golfer . you must know the yardage before you can select the correct club . how far is it to either the top of that bunker next to the green or the flagstick ? next , you just then need to pull the club that will get you there . fits on your belt through a loop in the safe carrying case or use the supplied clip to attached the case to your golf bag . these new laser rangefinders are better than ever and at a lower price than previous models . love it
software pos 803.txt i am a solo family medicine physician and have been using the quickbooks pro series since 2003. at first , i was a little upset with being forced to upgrade my qb pro 2003 , however once i installed the new premium 2006 , i must say i am very pleased . from the beginning , everything has changed just a small bit , however in a very good way . in my past version of qb pro 2003 , i had to toggle between different screens in order to move from deposits to writing checks , etc. in premium 2006 this is no longer the case . a very easy to use and intuitive home page shows everything you need to use . each different tool is one simple click away . i very much like the new enhanced payroll option in that i can now print out my state tax forms along with my federal forms . in the past , it would take an hour or two out of my family time in order to fill in those little boxes and double check each figure with my cpa . now i print out each form and am finished in less than 10 minutes . i would highly recommend this product to any solo or small group practice . the versatility and power found in quickbooks premium allows me to keep track of my finances personally . the added convenience of the payroll services just makes this product an even better buy . yes , there are enough subtle differences between the pro and premium version to justify spending a few extra dollars . i would definitely buy this software title again
music pos 148.txt having read some of the reviews here i just thought i should mention that for those who enjoy punk rock music rather than the sameness of most emo music these days they should definitely check out this band ! while the singer ( conor oberst ) does have that emo voice so familiar to many other bands , he utilises it well and his conviction can be heard throughout ( unlike a band like taking back sunday ) the music is uplifting without being soppy or sentimental , the lyrics are refreshingly different from most punk-politics band and do n't come across as just the singer throwing a badly worded hissy fit . if you want to feel sorry for youself go listen to bright eyes , if you want to do something about it listen to desaparecidos
health pos 41.txt at church today i came upon a man who had partially collapsed . since i 'm a physician , i stopped and offered aid . it turns out that he had a history of heart disease and was having some pretty concerning symptoms . to my dismay , we do not have an aed at our church ( yet ) . we notified 911 , and he was taken for medical care without any problems , but i was a bit worried there for a few minutes . while i 'm trained in bls , that is , at best , a temporizing measure . aeds have a proven ability to diagnose and treat fatal heart rhythms . in my opinion , places of public gathering should consider purchasing one of these devices . i 'll be working with our church to see if we can get one . i would have been a bit more relaxed waiting for ems if i had had one of these today . however , buying an aed is not a cure-all . i have been trained on these , and they are very simple to learn to use . however , i think it would be quite difficult for someone who had never used one use it correctly during the stress of a cardiac arrest . if you are considering buying an aed for home or public use , i strongly suggest reading the section on aeds at the american heart association website . it discusses some of the important preparations to consider before the purchase of such a device . so , while not for everyone , this is one of the few products available that can truly save lives . in the right situation , it is indispensable .
software pos 809.txt i have been taking acustic guitar lessons for 6 years now . i decided to buy this to try and learn to play the electric guitar i recieved as a gift . it 's a pretty good method . sometimes a bit difficult to work with , but you do learn some things . i stopped using it because it became increasingly difficult to play when i realized that i had a bass amp . so make sure you have all the right equipment , and i would have to say that this might be easier for someone who 's taken guitar lessons .
books neg 213.txt amazing how a writer can attempt to make an immoral organization , the corporation , look moral . only someone like al capone could sympathize with this group on the oregon . how can anyone justify having the sort of firepower as is on the oregon . the us apparently is willing to finance the group , but the us also financed sadam , noriega , ... unfortunately , in this sense it is too much like real american policy , which absolutely disgusts me ( the ends justify the ends no matter how many bodies are left behind , as long as they are not righteous americans ) . the characters are clich , there is no suspense since everything goes as planned , and anyone in the crew can just about do anything , including being a successful rock band . it makes me look back on the dirk pitt books and wonder about dirk 's morality
books neg 549.txt one tiresome , heavy-handed simile after another ; agonizing , descriptive detail that unnecessarily prolongs action ; simplistic , trite phrasing and dialogue - - characters constantly express vague but contradictory emotions in the same sentence , an obvious effort by the author to provoke interest or conflict which falls flat ; routine characterization ; a sentence or two slipped in during a scene or an unexpected circumstance placed at the end of a chapter meant to build plot and suspense read as forced and predictable ; proofreading errors ; fragmented , poor sentence structure - - this book is amateurish writing all the way around . i cannot fathom the reasoning for the quality of the professional reviews which this work received . i cannot understand the lack of proper editing . i am an avid reader and approached this book with much enthusiasm , so imagine my disappointment when i was ready to put the book down a couple of pages into the prologue ! in fairness to the author ( and with a hopeful attitude ) , i forced myself through the first 70 or so pages , however with each turning page i found myself reading along just for sport , my mind constantly drifting and more and more incredulous ( and annoyed ) with this juvenile effort . what could have been a fascinating read due to the intriguing premise is instead a colossal waste of time .
dvd neg 845.txt i had heard of cannibal ferox for quite some time before watching it . i heard that it was the most violent film ever made . i enjoyed umberto lenzis eaten alive and thought this would be even better . i was dead wrong . cannibal ferox is a boring , unpleasent film that definatly doesnt live up to its infamous reputation . im not saying that cannibal ferox isnt gory or violent but i cant see how it was ever banned in 31 countrys . the few gore scenes are pretty effective , but that dosnt make up for the films many many flaws . if it was for giovanni lombardo radice[one of my favorite italian horror actors] starring in it , cannibal ferox would only earn 1 star .
music neg 950.txt i had high hopes for this cd . i love norwegian metal , and i love viking stuff so i thought this would be great . i was at least hoping it would be good . what i heard was a bunch of uninspired , mediocre , a dime a dozen metal songs . i mean there is enough good to save it from being a total waste , but not enough to give it even 3 stars . the high points are the fate of norns , the persuit of vikings , and arson . these songs are bad @$$ and fun to listen too . an ancient sign of coming storm 5.5 just mediocre where death seems to dwell 5.5 very repetitive the fate of norns 7 this one is pretty good . it has a repetitive punchy opening riff that gets stuck in your head long after listening to it . the pursuit of vikings 7.5 this is my favorite song from this cd . pretty bad a$$. valkyries ride 5.5 tedious monotony the beheading of a king 5.5 same as valkryies arson 7.5 a bit of a slow starter but it picks up towards the end with some melodic guitar once sealed in blood 5.5 a bit faster than some but still a downer . all in all nothing horrible , and there is some good songs . the music is a little on the simple side which doesnt necasarily make it bad . i like a lot of simpler music like darkthrone and burzum . the problem is that when it comes to simpler stuff i like it to have some really good aptmosphere . that is precisly what is lacking here . i will still listen to it occasionally hoping that it will grow .
dvd pos 159.txt on the dvd first band on the moon been it - us promo video interactive picture gallery synopsis swedish indie pop combo the cardigans deliver a stellar performance for their british fans in this performance video . the cardigans : live in london was recorded during a concert at the shepherds bush empire in late 1996 , as the group were touring in support of their breakthrough album , first band on the moon . the 16-song set includes " lovefool , " " rise and shine , " " your new cuckoo , " " nasty sunny beam , " " never recover , " and more
music pos 776.txt beres has done it again . this is a great cd . i can actually say that enjoyed all 19 tracks
software pos 922.txt i was amazed how colorful the graphics are in this game . my 6 year took right to it and played it for 2 hours the first sitting . she mastered level 2 pretty easy and is on to level 3. our computer runs windows and we have had no problems . this is a great game to buy for the summer to keep kids up to speed between k and 1st grade
dvd neg 13.txt " con express " has lots of action in it , which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters . unfortunately , the action is n't enough , and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs , the audience is tempted to doze off . city heat productions is n't really known for producing films of the highest quality , so usually i go easy on them . if this were a big-budget company producing this , i 'd be inclined to pan it entirely . but i was n't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for . the action is , for the most part , pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie . flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted , but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie . vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals . the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege 2 , con air , spy game , and speed . if you liked those , you probably wo n't mind this one too much . just go easy on it
books neg 369.txt i thought this book was supposed to help you construct a very useful and pretty small house on a budget . i was wrong . instead , it is about not too big houses where you spend tens of thousands , if not hundreds of thousands , on all kinds of architectural extravagances . perhaps this book could have a subtitle : how to spend a million dollars on a 1 , 500 square foot house . if you are looking to build a house efficiently and cheaply , this is the wrong book
software neg 557.txt this product is nothing like the desktop version of the software . so limited in functions , you might as well have a paper map .
camera pos 460.txt just as advertised , very small , very useful , great video , great photos , just what i needed this is the second jvc camera i own and both satisfy my needs
camera pos 34.txt for the money , you absolutely ca n't beat this lens . it 's very fast and sharp . not fast to focus , but what do you expect at $70 ? i have four lenses , some costing 4x 's as much as this one...yet i use this one the most . anyone looking to step up from the kit lens , or anyone looking to buy a camera body w / out the kits lens should look to buy this lens
books pos 954.txt a commentary on a book of the bible will generally include the commentator 's outline of the structure of that book . a good outline can greatly enhance one 's understanding of a biblical book , so such outlines are important . rarely , though , do commentators say much about how their outlines are derived . this book , which is based on professor lee 's doctoral dissertation , describes and illustrates a method for outlining the structure of a large section of biblical text . this method , called " conceptual analysis " , is a modern version of form criticism developed by lee 's advisor , rolf knierim . lee describes conceptual analysis as an iterative process , where one begins by dividing a text into smaller units with coherent themes . one then takes a deeper look to determine how the units fit together into an overall structure for the text . finally , the outline is critically evaluated and the steps repeated as needed . lee demonstrates the method on num . 10:11-36:13 , a challenging section of text that has been outlined in several different ways . he divides this section into 36 units , discussing with each one the rationale for his choices . he then argues persuasively that the key unit for the organization of the section is num . 13:1-14:45 , the account of the exploration of the promised land by 12 scouts , the largely negative report the scouts present to the people , and israel 's subsequent rejection of god 's plan to bring them into the promised land . the pivotal events in this unit largely determine the form and content of the rest of the section . conceptual analysis is an attempt to make the outlining of a text into a " scientific " process , with the goal of deriving a structure from a text rather than imposing a structure upon a text . there is no way to completely mechanize such a process , however . some subjectivity is inevitable , and any outline will highlight some features of a text and deemphasize others . in my opinion , one good measure of the value of an outline is the amount of fruit it yields in insight into the text . by this criterion , i believe that lee 's outline of num . 10:11-36:13 earns high marks . his outline helps give satisfying answers to a number of questions about the text , as he explains in the latter stages of the book . it is rare that a dissertation on form critical issues would be interesting to more than a handful of specialists . this book is a notable exception , and i enthusiastically recommend it to all serious students of the book of numbers .
camera pos 264.txt got the lowero slingshot 100 about 2 months ago , and it is really coming in handy . in the main area , it holds my pentax digital slr with one lens mounted , 1 rather small lens and 1 decently big zoom lens ( 80-320mm ) , plus a sigma ef-500 super flash . it 's packed in there , and the flash just barely fits , but i do n't need much more room . the top compartment holds extra batteries , recharger , etc. really easy to access the main pocket when it is on my back...just by pulling the case to my front ( no need to take it off my back ) . well made . zippers are strong so i do n't have to worry about one loosening and my equipment falling out . perfect for the amateur to semi-pro photographer .
software neg 503.txt aquazone is good , but i 've found that serene scene is a better product . aquazone is not as realistic as serene scene and that is what i was looking for . the realism of fish in an aquarium . if i could go back i would buy serene scene instead
health neg 818.txt conair just really does not make great hair straighteners . i bought the full size one before , and without warning it just quit working after a 2 months . i have a revlon full-size one now ( which works great ) . i recently got my hair cut short , so i decided to go buy a cheap small one to reach the short hair in the back . turn the turbo on , blast it up to the highest temperature , and it still is not even half as hot as my revlon one thats turned on minimum . i have really thin hair , and its not even curly it just gets wavy sometimes . this thing cant even straighten that much
books pos 939.txt ted kheel has written a masterful , poignant and important book . in an increasingly litigious and contentious world , his is a voice of reason , compassion and true vision . as karl llewellyn observed , & quot ; technique without compassion is a menace , and compassion without technique is a mess . &quot ; mr. kheel gives us both , in a manner that is brilliantly accessible , thought-provoking and inspiring
books pos 279.txt david baldacci has a knack for writing fiction that sucks you in and holds you no matter what the story . part of the talent is to introduce interesting characters . this book is no exception . sara evans is a clerk working for a supreme court justice . she is quite close to another clerk ( michael fiske ) who works for a different judge . michael asks sara to marry him but sara really loves michael 's brother john , who sara has only seen once and never officially met . michael comes across an appeal that intrigues him ( to say exactly why would be a spoiler and it is only revealed very late in the book as to exactly what intrigued him ) so much that he pulls it out before it is filed and goes to visit the requestor . that happens to be a rufus harms who is serving a life sentence in an army prison for murdering a girl . when michael goes to see harms , practically all hell breaks loose and harms realizes he is in danger himself and some mysterious evil guys from the prison murder michael . apparently there was some secrets in harms appeal that some powerful unknown men do not want known . michael 's murder is investigated by his brother john ( an ex-cop who is now a defense lawyer for the lowest of the low criminals ) and he enlists the aid of sara who was close to michael and knows some things about michael . sara is instantly in love with john and the more they start investigating the more they put their lives at risk from the unknown powerful men . additionally , the police start to suspect john of the murder of his brother especially when he is named as the sole beneficiary of michael 's life insurance . meanwhile rufus harms has escaped prison from some of those men that tried to kill him . so we have tension throughout to see if rufus will survive as well as john and sara before the evil guys get them . there is a lot of good information about what goes on behind the scenes at the supreme court . a good rea
software pos 633.txt a couple of years ago , we completed the transition over to the mac platform in our household . both my wife and myself have a desktop and a laptop , so leveraging the .mac service to keep our personal configuration settings synchronized across computers has been fantastic . further , with the sharing features that are available , we each have access to view the other person 's address book or calendar . one of the great features of the .mac service is how it is tightly integrated into the operating system . in addition , since the synch services capabilities in the operating system are documented and open , third party programs can write plug-ins that can leverage .mac to propagate settings to different machines . my favorite feature ( and the catalyst for my initial subscription ) is the backup application . as someone who has suffered the inconvenience of crashed hard disk drives far too many times , i wanted a simple , comprehensive , easy-to-use solution that i could use to backup my data to an external hard disk drive on a daily basis . i 've used other mac-specific programs before and none are as easy to use as the backup you get with .mac . the only real critique i have for the .mac service is the amount of space available on the idisk . when services like google mail can offer 2.7gb of space for free ( granted it is supported by advertising ) , it makes the .mac the space available with .mac seem meager . of course , considering a full backup of my data / settings takes up about 8gb of space , i may be outside of the demographic that the .mac service is targeting . however , in this age of digital media ( pictures and movies ) , the amount of disk space people need for their " memories " is only going to go up . but i guess that is why they have external drives and dvd burners
health neg 141.txt but leaves a lot to be desired in practice . just get a small electric or hand crank food processor . this is not worth your time
software pos 908.txt although this game maybe aimed for kids , it can still offer powerful training games in an entertaining way . each assorted machines is like an arcade that trains each tactical aspects individually . such as blind chess , eye-training , memory training of chess positions are most notable that separates it from the other beginner chess training programs . the only thing i hate bout this game is the lack of options . you ca n't log off to a different username without having to shutdown the program first then relog nor can you delete usernames . no bgms ( backgroundmusic ) during chess matches . other than that , its an awesome tactical training tool . kids really do love to play this game and is one of the best games out there that can get them into playing chess . i think chess can be a beneficial contribution to school learning and thinking process .
music pos 769.txt this is the type of music to sit down , relax , put on a pair of headphones and let it absorb your concious . from spacey sounding electronics to soft vocals over piano to heart pounding rhythms to skittering percussion...this is just a taste of what is supersilent , and from what i hear it is all improvised which blows my head clean off . all this coming from someone who has never heard them before...talk about a great buy ! highly , highly recommended , i close my eyes , to awaken among the cosmos traveling without a tangible body , drunk with the infinite beauty , i sigh without a mouth and think. .
dvd pos 658.txt this is the 2000 or so version of the dvd . this is identical with the vhs version , except it adds two features . the first is an excellent " making of " video from 1996 - - which was re-done with a different host for 2006 , but all the " interview " segments are the same . the second was a " making of " video done for the dvd , which does n't add a whole lot . were i to do it again , i 'd buy this version , and skip the 2006 " 50th anniversary " release . this is the classic chuck jones television " grinch " , in one of the best packages for it . and the " horton hears a who " is also a chuck jones classic . " a person 's a person , no matter how small . "
dvd neg 533.txt interestingly , this pro-apartheid film was produced and written by jack abramoff , now famous for pleading guilty to fraud and tax evasion in the course of orchestating the biggest american congressional corruption scandal in a generation . yes the same man who bribed over 60 congressmen and senators , robbed several native american tribes blind , tried to take out life insurance policies on tribal elders with himself as the beneficiary , and called the choctaw tribal council " monkeys " and " troglodytes " , had an interesting earlier career . he was disqualified from the student government election in his beverly hills elementary school for exceeding spending limits . he took over the young republican movement in college with his schoolmates including ralph reed of the christian coalition , and longtime republican insider grover norquist . but more relevant to this movie , well into the 1990 's while actively working in the hollywood film industry he worked both covertly and overtly to support the racist whites only apartheid goverment of the old south africa , and to oppose and discredit nelson mandela and the anc 's struggle for majority rule and racial equality . during this period , he conceived this piece of bizarre propoganda , paid for by the apartheid government in the old south africa , equating the struggle for black liberation in south africa with communism and the soviet union , and openly placing his sympathies with the racist minority afrikkaner government . the hero of the film is based on the many mercenaries , or so called soldiers of fortune , as they are called in their trade magazine which like the makers of this film , were also enthusiastic about private killers being hired to murder activists fighting against apartheid . an amazing historical anomoly , this piece has even more significance in the wake of the currently unfolding scandal which promises to be one of the largest in history , involving bribery , favors , protection of sweatshops ( in us colonies where women are forced into having abortions ) , fraud , the chritian coalition , pitting one tribe against another to essentially steal money from native america , and possibly the gangland style murder of his former business partner , the owner of sun cruises , when he complained about being defrauded in the sale of his cruise line . my advice , buy it used for historical purposes , not new . this guy has made more than enough money off the backs of the american people . let 's not forget how fear of communism was used to justify murder , racial segregation , perversion of the constitution , police state style abuses of civil rights , and many other crimes against humanity . let 's learn the lessons of history and preserve what is good about the usa . let this movie be a record of the power of hollywood to either perpetuate lies that are used to kill and abuse people , or to turn away from evil and tell the truth . let 's make a different legacy this time around
books neg 628.txt this is a nice small book to take along in the car but i do n't think the pictures are animated enough . my 19 month old son does n't seem too interested in the book
software pos 611.txt although i did not purchase this product from amazon.com ( ... ) , i absolutely love it . the gps locator provided is amazing and better than i thought it was . it is not one of those gps that updates your position every 20 seconds or something , but when i zoomed in i could see my current location constantly moving on the map ( so it is updating every second ) ...i have ridden with deputies in my county as part of an internship and the gps provided to them is n't even this good . i recommend this software and gps to anyone
health pos 941.txt this product is great for injury and leg elevation . my grandmother had a hematoma on her leg and she said that her " legs do n't fall asleep anymore and they feel so good . " my grandmother has had two strokes and this is just the relief that she needs . my mother has fibromayalgia and i 'm ordering two for her as well . she " test-drove " them before giving a set to my grandmother and this will be a great holiday gift for her
software neg 455.txt the program crashed during setup . when i finally got it installed , it crashed my machine every night until i uninstalled it .
music pos 980.txt while not every song my be my favorite , they really did a great job compiling the popular and favorites from the great 80s hair band days ! all the monster cds i have bought have been real gems .
books pos 964.txt meg blackburn losey has written a most informative book . i purchased an additional 4 copies which were given as gifts to the parents of young children - a wise choice from the compliments i received afterward . a must have to understand todays gifted children . there is a wealth of knowledge inside that truly will enlighten you to the children of these times
dvd neg 990.txt shekhar kapur 's vision of a.e.w. mason 's the four feathers is well done visually , but unfortunately much of the original story is lost to create a more fast-paced and action-packed plot . while the basic story is kept , many small details seem to have been needlessly changed . for those who do n't know , the four feathers is supposedly about harry feversham , a man enlisted in the army . when harry is informed he will be sent to war in the sudan , he hides this information and quietly resigns from the army to be with his fianc , ethne . however , life with ethne is soon changed when he receives three white feathers from his army colleagues . explaining to ethne what he has done and that the feathers are a symbol of cowardice do not help harry ; in fact , she tears a feather out of her fan to make four feathers . harry then sets out to regain the lost respect of his friends through helping them , in an ultimate goal to regain the respect of ethne . for the most part , only minor details are changed from the novel to the movie ; for example , the way that harry 's friend , jack durrance goes blind , or the fact that harry disguised himself as a greek , not as an arab . the change that seems most prominent , however , is the fact that in the film , jack durrance knows of harry 's resignation from the beginning . this subverts the whole quest that jack undertakes to find out the truth in the novel . in addition , the entire ` battle ' between the warden of the house of stone of omdurman and harry and abou fatma was created solely for action value in the film . however , despite this addition of action , the movie still seems to drag at points . films are almost never completely accurate when following a novel ; that is why they are only based on them . however , as i 've said , a lot of the changes made seem senseless . i would recommend this film to someone who has not read the book or who does not mind liberal film interpretations of novels , if they have an hour or two to waste . those looking for a movie to keep them on the edge of their seats would be advised to find something else .
software neg 801.txt i bought a new desktop pc installed with vista . it came preinstalled with mcafee 2007. i have been using norton products for years , so i bought a 3 user package of north internet security 2007. for the 60 days of the trial , my computer ran flawlessly . but it was time to install norton as mcafee had run its course . i installed the program last night , which took 45 minutes with the vista update from symantec , required updates , restarts and the full system scan . after this time my computer , which as i said ran flawlessly for 60 days , well now every 60 minutes i get the blue screen of death and a forced restart . i contacted symantec 's customer support only to be greeted with an hour and forty five minutes wait to chat with an analysts ( seems that i was not the only one with norton troubles ) . after all this time , the advice i was given was....uninstall and reinstall ! ! ! ! gee , einstein , i would have never done that already before i wasted my time contacting you . but the symantec analyst was firm that this was the problem . so i took my morning and uninstalled and reinstalled and...the same blue screen of death but now in under an hour of use ! ! ! i 'm uninstalling this virus and buying a mcafee package asap . oh also , during the time my computer was not crashing , it ran slow ! ! it is a 2.8 gig processor with 2 gigs of ram but it ran as if it were a 386 processor with 32 megs of ram . and everything you run , norton needs you to approve its connection...everything . you can allow norton to decide what can and cannot connect so you do not have to click every five second , but then you will not be able to user 1 / 2 of your programs as the geniuses at norton did not include them in their ` safe ' list . i regret buying this and only wish i could give it zero stars ! ! !
software neg 285.txt used norton antivirus the last 3 years . getting product in tax software promotions . no problems until i installed 2007 6 days ago , when my system became really slow and then i was unable to access the internet . since their customer service phone number is not in the user guide but buried in their website , i was thankful my husband 's laptop was available . the first rep became exasperated when his scripted suggestions did not resolve my problem after 1.25 hours and tersely told me he was sending me an email file that would solve my problems . i had identified it was the worm protection causing the problem so i turned that off , accessed the file and ran it . my computer updated twice with no change - if the worm protection was on , i was n't going to be able to access the internet . worked up my patience and called that evening , only to hold for 48 minutes . finally got another native of india who spoke english worse than the first guy . at one point , we were waiting on a restart and i asked her a question about the computer being slower with the 2007 version and she responded , " ok , yes " . long story short , i hung up an hour later with a link for an update to the 2007 product which i was assured would solve the problem and an email address for her manager . during these two calls , the software was uninstalled , reinstalled , and tested and i spent several hours using the online support . i updated the product and it worked for a couple hours . then i was right back where i began , unable to access the internet unless i turned off the worm protection . i started the day with 360 days remaining on my subscription but once i updated , the protection center now says my subscription is expired . when i check my norton account online , it shows i have almost a year remaining before expiration and all their tips to update the proection center have pathetically failed . sent an email to the management address i was given , but of course , have n't heard anything . i am uninstalling this product and will never use norton again .
camera neg 845.txt there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job !
books pos 782.txt this book is a very good resource for parents of underachievers , former underachievers , and anyone who wants to understand the success of their child . having read other reviews by readers discounting this book and discounting human psychology itself , i was compelled to write my own review . no one blames parents , especially dr. rathvon they do the best they can with what they 've got ; mental resources specifically . this book is for anyone who knows that their child is capable of so much more . it is never too late to fix , polish , and fine tune a learning mind . every student has the ability to achieve
music neg 355.txt cheap trick 's second album is very disappointing to me after the good , but raw , " live in the studio " , 1977-76 recorded cheap trick . almost all of the material here is so watered down that it really comes off way better on the later many live disks they did . after a good start w / " hello there " , a concert favorite for many years , is the only thing here to write home about when one considers how great all the tunes from this overproduced album sounded on the budokan and other live recordings later . tom werman and rick niesen were on a show in 1991 that i had recorded on a tape once and werman , noce a friend of tom petersson 's said , quote : " my three albums with cheap trick got better and better.. . " , to which the ever sarcastic rick nielsen said , " selling , maybe . " not realizing that brother rick was slamming him , werman then continued , " exactly " ... oh boy . we now see why producing cheap trick albums through the years has become like playing russian roulette . it 's not hard to get better than this and five months later the solid , but somewhat oeverrated ' heaven tonight ' came out.. . ( and the guys even bought werman back for dream police . things turned out better when pete comita , then later jon brant joined the band . yep - the best was yet to come - in the ' 80 '
health pos 578.txt great tasting bar . nice and soft make it easy to eat
health pos 792.txt this is very soothing for people with arthritis or any kind of injury and makes your hand feel wonderful
music neg 486.txt i 'm a huge fan of christopher lawrence 's stuff , but i aboslutely refuse to buy this cd because of the copy protection . i do not pirate music , and should be allowed to copy music i purchase onto my mp3 player of choice . this is just sad
music neg 40.txt having listened to steven 's previous albums , greetings from michigan and seven swans countless times , i cannot help but to notice the amount of regurgitation on this album . stevens blatantly rips off his own music . i consider michigan to be sufjan 's masterpiece . do yourself a favor and start there
software neg 246.txt i have used ms streets and trips 2005 and 2006 for over a year . it has some map errors that i wish were updated . i read that the delorme street atlas was far superior , so i bought it . it only took one day for me to find a mountain of problems . not only is the mapping way out of date ( many years ) microsoft streets and trips 2006 maps are far more up to date . on many occasions told me to turn the wrong direction on roads even when the road does n't exist in that direction . it does n't even know the name of some very old roads displays.. . " unknown name " while driving on very old established roads it tells me to turn onto a road that is actually an elevated overpass that i am driving 30 feet below . the program actually wanted me to get back on the freeway by making a u-turn from an off ramp to an on ramp . i have used microsoft streets in all of these same areas and it is much more usable . the delorme is very confusing and frustrating . i 'm sending it back for a full refund
books neg 565.txt this book explains very well the growing paranoia of modern parents . this is a resolute attack against parenting determinism . it is regrettable , however , that the author 's references are not more " scientific " than those he reproaches to parenting determinism advocates of using . moreover , he is not far from praising spanking , which is " proven " very bad for children
music pos 390.txt with all the recent praise heaped on smile , orange crate art still remains largely under-recognized and under-appreciated . sure , smile was supposed to be this grand copelandesque landscape of america , from plymouth rock to the grand cooley dam . but for my money brian and van dyke parks did it so much better with orange crate art. having written , what everyone unanimously agrees to be the most california of all anthems , fun fun fun , i get around and california girls , brian turns his attention to a california not of hot rods and surf , but of sun drenched valleys rich with citrus and vine . here wilson and parks celebrate and pay homage to the likes of jack london and john steinbeck . and if all this were not enough , we 're treated to my hobo heart , a latter day van dyke parks / michael hazelwood masterpiece . there 's also the lovely palm tree & moon , a dreamy little ode to a moonlit beach , territory not unfamiliar to brian . and summer in monteray is so unabashedly nostalgic it would even make clint eastwood blush . if you have n't become familiar with this so very underated collection yet , you really ca n't call yourself a brian wilson / van dyke parks fan until you give this one a fair shot . you might even find yourself humming sail away or hold back time while in the shower . i know i did
dvd neg 291.txt " rip it off " is not an easy film to watch . in short , it is dull and meanders from plot line to plot line , leaving only the most attentive viewer ( read : myself ) to guess at what was going to happen next . but not in a good way . judging from its drab look and unimaginatively shot scenes , not to mention a script whose dialogue borders on the absurd , it never ceases to amaze me how it managed to attract such well-known and talented personalities as alyson hannigan and jennifer esposito . it begs the question : why did you do this film ? or , on a personal note , why did i buy this film , especially at $22 and change ? frankly , i bought it because of alyson hannigan : she 's gorgeous , obviously intelligent , and the girl can act . individually speaking , she does not disappoint here . it 's obvious that she really did n't want to sleep walk through her role as lexi , and she gives the other actors a lot of material to work with . although the silly musical leitmotifs seem deliberately crafted to undermine her scenes , she is a singularly interesting actor to watch , and her performance simply wants me to see her do more , preferably a more mature and fully fleshed out character in a serious film ( see jennifer aniston in her brave performance in " the good girl . " ) but enough gushing : if ms. hannigan had not been as engaged , i would have trashed her soundly . most everyone else in " rip it off " ( with the possible exception of the fellow who plays sergei with operatic relish ) is more or less " phoning it in " when they do their scenes . this made me lack any kind of sympathy for them in addition to making me sleepy . also , films of such low production value should come with a printed warning of some sort : beware ! do not adjust your screen ; the appearance of the film is inherently bad . " rip it off " and films of its ilk give independent filmmaking a black eye . i 've seen black and white student films with greater intrigue and atmosphere than this turkey . and , contrary to the technical description of the dvd , it is presented in the horror that is full screen , and not widescreen . can you believe people invest money in these films ? ( ahem .
camera neg 760.txt this is the 7th olympus camera i 've owned over the years , from film to digital . i have always been very pleased with olympus cameras and their usual superior optics . this camera , though , is a major disappointment , mainly because even though it can shoot in raw , there is no compatible conversion available yet , leaving you unable to process raw images . this renders the camera worthless at this time for serious pictures as you have no choice but to shoot in jpeg . olympus should have ensured that vendors such as adobe had the necessary information to make the compatible raw conversion plug-ins available before this camera hit the market . there 's no excuse for olympus to not have made sure this was the case , indeed it 's downright irresponsible . having said the above , the camera lens is quite nice , the camera itself operates well . you can take quite good pictures . however , the camera is not suitable for flash pictures in medium to low-light situations as there is significant lag time from the time you press the shutter to the picture actually being taken- -- -if you 're taking pictures of people , they will have moved by the time the picture is taken . the battery life is very good . the camera fits nicely in your palm . and , having a 28 - 500 mm lens is great . if you do n't shoot in raw and you do n't depend on flash photography , the camera is worth a look . otherwise , look at other products at this time
software pos 408.txt this is a pretty good product for the price ! i 've found a few errors on location of addresses , but all in all , pretty good ! just wish microsoft will offer a commercial vehicle version sometime in the near future . so far , we 've had no complaints .
music pos 889.txt alvin lee is a genius with a guitar . nowhere is this more evident than in his mastery of the blues . he was and is a great rocker , but his true calling is as a bluesman . this is a great album
dvd neg 637.txt the movie had potential : good cast and interesting plot . its the kind of movie you want to like , but just can't . i did not find it all that funny or romanic . it seemed that the mother and a bride 's maid were suppose to be funny characters but i found neither very amusing . i have no idea why the two main characters fell in love with each other ; this is by far the biggest weakness of the movie . their relationship is not developed well at all . as another reviewer noticed , there is a bit of pretty woman here , as dermot plays a male escort . for whatever reason , julia roberts as a hooker is cute , whereas dermot is not . i found is pretty disgusting that messing falls for a male prostitute . there is a lot of crude sexual humor that i did n't care for . my favorite aspect of the movie was that most of it takes place in the english countryside , which is really beautiful . its not a terrible movie , but i would be upset if i paid $10 to see it in the theater
software neg 165.txt this is the worst version of adobe illustrator to be released since version 9. opens files that i 've been using for years and then writes scribbled , unopenable ' saved ' versions . crashes . ca n't save for mysterious reasons . writes " version 10 " files with text split into pieces . such a fine product ! really glad i paid money for it ! ! i downgraded back to irritator 10
software pos 717.txt ( review written by my wife , the user . ) i 've happily used the quicken checkbook program for many years . when we changed operating systems from windows xp to windows vista , i was unable to get the quicken 2002 version to work in vista , so i purchased quicken basic 2007 and am totally pleased with the program . the only feature i use is the checkbook program and as far as i 'm concerned , it 's perfect . i 've never used the download from bank option because i prefer to review all posted transactions when the bank statement arrives . i use edit preferences feature to tailor the program to my liking and i could n't be happier . the price is reasonable , too
dvd neg 965.txt i was eager to see this movie , having loved the original " american werewolf " movie ; but was sadly disappointed . i did n't care at all for the characters , the humor was missing completely and generally it stank up the screen . mark me off if you do n't agree - i know you rude lot will anyway - but that 's my story and i 'm sticking to it
health neg 979.txt i know that this product works for some , but for me it did not . that is why i decided to return it . wahl makes great products , but this product was not for me . my skin was too sensitive and the machine irritated it .
books pos 260.txt the late carl sagan was one of the most popular , influential , and successful interpreters of astronomy to the american public . in 1973 he published & quot ; the cosmic connection&quot ; . he offered a daring view of the universe and his seminal work became a classic of popular science , inspiring a generation of scientists and non-specialist general readers with an enthusiasm for all aspects of science in general , and astronomy in particular . now cambridge university press has reissued a new edition of sagan 's influential book , enhanced with freeman dyson 's commentary on sagan 's vision and on the importance of & quot ; the cosmic connection&quot ; ; ann dryan 's assessment of sagan 's cultural significance as a champion of science ; and david morrison 's discussion of the advances made over the past 30 years and what became of sagan 's predictions . carl sagan 's cosmic connection is & quot ; must&quot ; reading for all sagan fans and anyone interested in how his views and predictions have held up over the past three decades of rapid advances in the science of astronomy and the search for extraterrestrial intelligence
music neg 433.txt bill charlap is undoubtedly one of the most talented , lyrcially-blessed jazz pianiasts around today . he has a deft touch and a senisbility that far exceeds his age and life experiences . that told , i find it very hard to give his latest effort , stardust , more than two stars . with very few exceptions , i found this cd to be fairly self-indulgent and charlap rather morose in his intrepretations . it was n't nearly a refeshing to the ear as written in the stars . i would recommend this for a charlap devotee but no one else . he has made better albums
music neg 495.txt do yourself a favor and only buy his albums . they 're much more solid . one love . peace
books pos 582.txt why read a book from 1857 which flopped so badly as commercial literature that melville stopped writing and ended his career as a customs official ? because this book masterfully explores the entire nature of trust , confidence and cons . though the setting is a riverboat on the mississippi river just before the u.s. exploded into civil war , its insights cross cultural boundaries . this is not an easy book to read for several reasons . first , it is undoubtedly one of the first " post-modern " novels which breaks from traditional narrative storytelling . ( another example : dostoevsky 's notes from the underground . ) the confidence-man is a collection of 45 conversations between various people on the riverboat- -beggars , absurdly dressed frontiersmen , sickly misers , shysters , patent medicine hucksters , veterans ( of the mexican-american war ) and the " hero " in the latter part of the book , the cosmopolitan . in typical melville fashion , you also get asides- -directly to the reader , in several cases , as if melville felt the need to address issues of fiction outside the actual form of his novel . the lack of structure , action and conclusion make this a post-modern type book , but if you read each conversation as a separate story , then it starts to make more sense . for what ties the book together is not a story but a theme : the nature of trust and confidence . in a very sly way , melville shows how a variety of cons are worked , as the absolutely distrustful are slowly but surely convinced to do exactly what they vowed not to do : buy the " herbal " patent medicine , buy shares in a bogus stock venture , or donate cash to a suspect " charity . " in other chapters , it seems like the con artist is either stopped in his tracks or is conned himself . since the book is mostly conversations , we are left to our own conclusions ; there is no authorial voice wrapping up each chapter with a neatly stated ending . this elliptical structure conveys the ambiguous nature of trust ; we do n't want to be taken , but confidence is also necessary for any business to be transacted . to trust no one is to be entirely isolated . melville also raises the question : is it always a bad thing to be conned ? the sickly man seems to be improved by his purchase of the worthless herbal remedy , and the donor conned out of his cash for the bogus charity also seems to feel better about himself and life . the ornery frontiersman who 's been conned by lazy helpers softens up enough to trust the smooth-talking employment agency owner . is that a terrible thing , to trust despite a history of being burned ? the ambuiguous nature of the bonds of trust is also explored . we think the cosmopolitan is a con-man , but when he convinces a fellow passenger to part with a heavy sum , he returns it , just to prove a point . is that a continuance of the con , or is he actually trustworthy ? the book is also an exploration of a peculiarly american task : sorting out who to trust in a multicultural non-traditional society of highly diverse and highly mobile citizens . in a traditional society , things operate in rote ways ; young people follow in their parents ' traditional roles , money is made and lent according to unchanging standards , and faith / tradition guides transactions such as marriage and business along well-worn pathways . but in america , none of this structure is available . even in melville 's day , america was a polyglot culture on the move ; you had to decide who to trust based on their dress , manner and speech / pitch . the con , of course , works on precisely this necessity to rely on one 's senses and rationality rather than a traditional network of trusted people and methods . so the con man dresses well and has a good story , and an answer for every doubt . the second reason why melville is hard to read is his long , leisurely , clause upon clause sentences . but the book is also peppered with his sly humor , which sneaks up on you.. . well , just like a good con .
camera neg 438.txt very easy to set up , but no matter what i did , i got several horizontal interference bars . one very nice feature is a built in video modulator that allows you to connect to older tvs using a coax cable instead of rca . i am returning this product
camera pos 169.txt i wish i 'd bought this a loooong time ago ! it is so helpful , esp . with macro shots . highly recommend
dvd pos 849.txt if you have read the conversations with god books , then you will enjoy this movie about the incredible journey that brought neale donald walsh to where he is today . very inspiring
dvd neg 24.txt cheesy instructor the instructor 's voice covers the music in the background which turns you off going on with the exercize , the music itself is monotonous and the beat is not inline with the moves . the instructor is too fast to follow..to cut it short i do not recommend this for anyone ..totally not professional
health pos 918.txt this sunscreen has the important components to give you uva and uvb protection . it goes on smooth for a sunscreen that uses titanum dioxide for its protection agent . my kids love that the bottle turns color when uva rays touch it , indicating that sunscreen is necessary
books neg 553.txt ok , i know i 'm going to get hammered for this ; once again , there goes my reviewer rating . but i just have to be honest : this is a terrible story . ok , being that it 's shakespeare , it 's prettily told , but it 's still a horrible story , and i ca n't imagine why otherwise sensible people like it . perhaps they feel that shakespeare is telling it tongue-in-cheek ( it is a comedy , after all ) and poking fun at the system of fathers marrying off their daughters without any concern for whether they want it or not ; that would almost make it tolerable , if i could believe it . but given that it is a shakespearean comedy , we must assume that the ending is supposed to be a " happy " one , and the situation at the end is far from pleasant . or perhaps people believe ( i 've heard this claimed in all seriousness ) that kate has actually " triumphed " at the end , having figured out how to manipulate petruchio so as to get her way subtly and underhandedly . even if this were true , i 'd hardly consider it a " happy " anding , and personally , i see little evidence of it . no , what we actually have here is a story of a strong woman ( some people seem to like it simply because there is a strong woman to be found in it ) being married against her will to a scheming golddigger who " tames " her by blatent if indirect spousal abuse ( he does n't beat her , simply starves her and sleep-deprives her , as well as forcing her to wear muddy rags until she behaves exactly as he wants , up to and including winning him a bet by lecturing her contemporaries on their duties as obedient wives . her spirit may or may not be broken , depending on how the part is played , but the fact remains that she 's forced to behave as if it is , and that 's not a message that should be bruited about in a " comedy " . this is absolutely the worst of shakespeare 's plays
music neg 720.txt the music for the soundtrack was so lame ! i though i was gonna cry cause i figured this was the end of b2k by this point . the s'track was n't even all b2k either . i like the song with jhene and omarion " happy " . also i liked " out of the hood " other then that it was boring .
camera neg 34.txt im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us
software neg 860.txt thought the cards would be like broderbund 's american gretings creatacard platinum 8 software but it was not and i did not like what i got .
camera neg 921.txt at least if your going to decieve people about the lcd screen in the back , at least make the picture quality decent . i mean this barely qualifies as a picture . some pictures are so bright it just looks like a splash of light . this was sickening to me because my daughter was excited and it broke her heart when i had to return it because she expected to at least be able to see the pictures . definatly stay away from this camera
software pos 851.txt i bought this package because i wanted good , high-compression universally accessible documents and images for my personal web page . ( google werbos ) . finally , after zillions of googles on compression technology and trying many other things ( see my other reviews ) , i found something that really , really works well , in a highly flexible and controllable way ! what a relief ! much better than acrobat 6.0 , and other packages i have tried and reviewed . the key capability lies in the " save as " command , which includes " optimized pdf " as one of the file types . the " settings " there gives you the power to choose jbig2 and jpeg2000 compression , the very best formats for black and white or color scanned images or papers . and of course , as pdf , they are easy for anyone to read . an example : two weeks ago , the world 's top empirical nuclear physicist , in japan , sent me a set of 24 1-meg jpegs for a 24-page paper . nothing i had would read it , except microsoft digital image , which let me fix the pages and crop them ; in adobe 6.0 , they ended up being a readable 14 meg document . no better . i printed it out at work , and scanned in the result at 400 dpi to a good modern copier / scanner . it ended up 5 megabytes . ( the copier was modern and " intelligent " . ) then , at home , in adobe 6 , it would optimize it to pdf version 6 , a nice 2.6 megabyte file . today , i got it to 940 k ( and better quality , to the eye ) in acrobat 8.0 , in a controllable predictable way . i had previously tried many , many other options ( including lots of microsoft programs , all options ) . if i understand what i have seen.. . i could have used acrobat 8.0 directly , without all that printout and scan nonsense ! the direct control in the " save as " command gets rid of the need to do all that . what 's more , i just reduced a 3.5 meg file ( from the best previous material ) to 1.02 megs . ( as best i recall , i used cvision before and only got that file to 1.5-2 megs . acrobat 8.0 seems to be doing much better . ) if you google a lot on compression and comparisons , you will see some small advantage of cvision over older versions of adobe image capture and acrobat . but that 's misleading . in acrobat 6.0 , i could n't get to that better compression . ( maybe if i had a phd in adobe , i could , but i tried hard. . ) . with 8.0 , it was easy . and the results are better than cvision now , so far as i can tell . i certainly see no value at all in the new xps formats microsoft is touting , with vista , now that something so much better is available . one caveat : published benchmarks say that the djvu format may be better yet . i did not consider it , partly because of cost , but more because everyone knows how to get the latest pdf reader but djvu might stop people going to my web page . but if google books popularizes it , i might reconsider djvu . but then again.. . knowing what lies behind djvu. . we might figure out something even better.. . eventually.. . and maybe the future pdf standards will open to that !
music pos 814.txt this is the first cd i 've bought in the liquid mind series , but after hearing this one , i 'll buy more . the music is calming and soothing ; great to fall asleep by which i often do . it lulls you into a peaceful state of relaxation , letting your mind drift away from the cares of the day . it makes me think of floating on a cloud . i would highly recommend this cd for anyone with a busy , stressed-out life .
camera neg 399.txt bought this as an xmas present to myself - to bring along family photos while on business travel . i 'm now on the 2nd unit ( exchanged directly w / phillips ) , and am still having the same issue with it not reliably working with external ( in my case , sony memory sticks ) . the internal memory is pitiful , and unless you want to resize all the photos you put in it , you are not going to be able to hold very many internally . i 've yet to get the auto on / off feature to work , and while it is perhaps a pc friendly device , it 's certainly not always mac friendly - the controls are cumbersome to work with , and the directions meager . i wanted to be able to carry this in a backpack or carryon bag , the fact that the support stand ca n't be folded tight against the unit makes it difficult to do this - of course , no mention of this in the product description . also no mention that it only supports older memory sticks - no support for the new , ms produo sticks ( and no mention of that in the product descriptions either ) i thought i would get a quality product from phillips , and this certainly looked like it had potential - unfortunately , it 's turned out to be a piece of junk , one i 've been screwing around with for so long that it 's probably not returnable . do n't waste your time and dollars...................... .
dvd pos 113.txt until sam raimi made spider-man , i think we all regarded tim burton 's batman as the best superhero movie ( even though i actually do n't consider batman to be a " superhero " because he has no superpowers ) . burton directed this movie , and did a great job - this movie looks like it takes place in the 1920s , except that society is a lot more technologically advanced than it really was back then . michael keaton is batman / bruce wayne . needless to say , batman is wayne 's alter ego . keaton is magnificent at playing the character 's alter ego . keaton also does a good job playing the character when he 's not in costume . keaton 's bruce wayne is n't as gloomy as christian bale 's was in batman begins , which is n't necessarily a bad thing . but i would say bruce wayne was a little too cheerful for my liking in the schumacher movies . but overall , bale 's bruce wayne is superior to keaton 's because bale has a much more developed character to play . however , keaton plays a better costumed batman than bale . the problem with this movie is that the joker ( jack nicholson ) steals the show - the whole movie revolves around him , so this is n't batman 's movie . this movie should have been called " the joker . " so if you ever wondered why nicholson got a higher billing than keaton , now you know . the thing is , the writers never bothered to give bruce wayne a personality , and they barely scratch the surface of the character 's background - we know practically nothing about wayne . you 'd think the guy that 's batman would n't be so uninteresting , but we 're bored to tears everytime wayne 's onscreen ( and out of costume ) . but when keaton is onscreen in the batman costume , batman seems so menacing and captivating that you enjoy all of his scenes . he plays an even more menacing batman than bale - so i say that keaton does a better batman than bale , but that bale does a better bruce wayne than keaton . but keaton did n't have anything to work with , so it 's not his fault his bruce wayne is so weak . but one of the strengths of keaton 's performance is that if you ever met wayne , he 'd seem like the last guy in the world that could be batman . that 's something kilmer and clooney failed to accomplish , but thankfully bale was able to do it . michael gough is a delight as the old butler alfred . it 's hard to believe gough was a villain in so many horror movies over the years . i assumed michael caine 's alfred would n't compare to gough 's , but i was wrong - they 're both great . pat hingle was really good ( as commissioner gordon ) in this movie . hingle and gough were in all four movies of the original series , and i enjoyed them both in batman returns . but in batman forever i did n't like them nearly as much , and in batman & robin i found their characters annoying as hell . vicki vale 's ( kim basinger ) investigation into bruce wayne 's background is completely uninteresting . but i already knew what she would find out , so maybe that 's why i did n't like those scenes . i also found the vicki character annoying , screaming in terror every three seconds she was onscreen . there 's lots of little things i love in this movie . the sight of batman rising off the ground after the two muggers shoot him , ( and the terrified expression of the gunmen ) with elfman 's dramatic music blaring . the look on napier 's face when he sees the emptied safe . when the guy got fried by the joker 's joy-buzzer ( one of the worst deaths i 've ever seen in a movie ) . when the mimes close in on the press conference and unleash a surprise , and the joker 's speech right before a mob boss dies . the first action news report of the movie . the way " urgent " is written in messy crayon on the parcel . when batman jumps through the skylight ( accompanied by elfman 's music ) . the design of the batmobile - minor changes make the car even cooler in batman returns . when the batmobile speeds toward the batcave ( again , elfman 's music is awesome ) . the grin on the young jack napier . the batmobile attacking the chemical factory . the joker 's facial expressions when he speaks in the microphone right after throwing lots of money to the crowd . when the bat signal is lit - but it 's not as awesome as the first time it 's lit in batman returns , or when it 's lit at the end of mask of the phantasm . and now a few complaints . this movie featured too many songs by prince . after a while , they get unbearably annoying . there were lots of other great ` 80s pop songs that could have ( and should have ) been used in this movie . another thing is the joker seems completely helpless without his goons to back him up . so i found the final showdown at the bell tower a little boring . by the way , you can tell that nicholson 's make-up job would look a lot more realistic in this day and age of filmmaking . burton 's batwing is cooler than schumacher 's batwing ( but not as cool as the one in mask of the phantasm ) . anyway , the targeting system of burton 's batwing seems a little screwed up - batman has a big red target locked on the joker , but the plane 's missiles and machine guns miss their target . and the joker did n't even try to get out of the way ! looks like batman paid the price of designing his own weapon systems . i always overlooked this movie 's flaws ( until i saw batman begins ) for two reasons . first of all , i found keaton 's batman to be so cool and the joker to be so entertaining that i absolutely loved this movie . second of all , the poor quality of the sequels make this movie seem a lot better than it really is . pretty much everytime the joker or the batman are n't onscreen , the movie is boring . but i must say that batman was even cooler in batman returns than he was in this movie - and nastier .
software pos 201.txt i was waiting for cs2 after using the cs . there are too many problems in cs . and i am very happy with cs2 now . the software is a lot easier to use , less problems . i have been using illustrator since illustrator 4. cs2 is definitly better than ever !
health neg 210.txt the razor is n't bad , but the cleaning system is a joke . mine would n't release the razor & kept recleaning it . plus , and i am surprised that this is n't mentioned in the other reviews that i read before getting the razor , the cleaning solution ( which is an expensive , printer-ink type of gimmick ) stinks like metal solvent . bottom line is this would be a decent razor if it was sold by itself without the cleaning junk for a lower price
music pos 363.txt i have a few hundred surf cds and i would have to say thet this cd is my favorite ! my next favorite is their new cd called " headin ' out " . they have the reverb and the composition that just makes all of the songs fantastic . if you like instrumental surf you will love this cd ! buy it you wo n't be sorry
software neg 318.txt we purchased this to make sure we did n't miss anything re : stock options . the program kept including a ghost set of options of a different type , though they were not entered twice . it took me quite sometime to get them deleted . it also said we had to pay estimated tax next year-which is n't true since we overpaid ( as we have always done ) . too many errors for a tax program
books neg 611.txt as i sat here writting this review my rating dropped from a three star rating to a two star rating , and i now realize that all of my malice and discontent could have easily been diverted if the book were titled " drawing people : a technical guide for beginners " and mentioned nary a word about the clothed figure . then if i had of stumbled upon this book it would have been an added bonus that the author took the time to outline some basics on clothing and drappery , instead of a full out disappointment . not that i blame the author solely , most of the blame lies at my door . i was so overjoyed in finding a book that proclaimed it was specifically about drawing the clothed figure , brune hogath 's book aside ( another devastating disappointment ) , and that it was written by a professor from the academy of art , a school that i am still deciding on attending , that instead of going my normal route ( ordering the book through the store , checking it out in person , and then ordering it online so i could get a fatty discount ) i impulsively bought the book , only reading the book synopsis and barely glancing over the customer reviews ( which all looked favorable ) . now i realise my folly , and am yet determining whether i 'll pay for it ( i.e. keep the book ) . i guess what all of my harping boils down to is the lack of content instead of the quality , for i can easily discern bradley is an excellent artist with years of knowledge garnered from experience , and i 'd say that experience shows equally in all areas , not just clothing but in setting up a composition and following through . the problem is , at least in my opinion , that this book is supposed to specifically address clothing , and it does n't for the most part . roughly one fourth of the book pertains to clothing , the other three fourths talk about : how to properly hold your drawing implement , how to properly position yourself if you are drawing from a live modle , maintaing a daily sketchbook , researching your subject matter , the relationships between the head neck and shoulders , drawing hands , drawing feet , drawing eyes , and a whole slew of other . . .i would n't say irrelavent , because they are relavent , but not neccessarily the most important topics pertaining to drawing the clothed figure . a refernce guide on clothing should discuss a plethora of clothing materials , and bradley does on one page with chicken scratch detailing . it should outline some of the rules when dealing with how clothes tend to fit people of varying body tips , again something bradley discusses on one single page . the differnce between water logged clothing and dry clothing , she did n't bother mentioning that . how pants typically bunch up while you 're walking seen from the head on , profile , three quaters , and back view , another topic she failed to mention . some examples of evening / formal attire vs. day clothes , how clothing reacts when the subject is in motion , how jackets restrain your actions and bunch up , the effect of wearing multiple layers at once , achieving that perfect windswept look , and all manner of other topics that should appear in an artistic clothing refernce guide . maybe i 'm being too harsh on bradley , after all she does mention in her preface that there are n't a whole lot of books pertain to drawing the clothed figure , and compared to the standard " how to . . . " books she 's leaps and bounds ahead of the rest . oh yeah , that 's another thing , she does n't outline any steps on how to achieve a realistic rendering like - first start out with a cone pointing upward then draw a sphere at the bottom / base . the sphere represents the weight of the gathered cloth so the stress lines originate from the tip of the cone and travel down the length eventually enveloping the sphere . note the ripples . -or some junk like that . back to me not being to harsh on bradley , i guess in reading she is / was a professor in the arts i thought she would have some understanding of the common impediments modern day artist face when depicting clothing . for all who have read this drawn out rant , two maybe three people , and think i 'm all talk , trust me if i had the skills i 'd come up with my own series of " how to draw . . . " books and address all of my issues . as is i 'm pretty good at drawing dynamic figures , but the second i add clothing they become flat , lifeless caricatures and i do n't see this book as alleviating my shortcomings much . as is my own artistic habits ( drawing from magazines , online pics , and occasionally stepping outside of my cave to draw people in motion ) are a match for the few helpful hints in this book . you 're better off doing what you 've always done plus artistically drapping to a wall or over a piece of furniture from time to time then buying this book . if you do know of a book that addresses even half of the afore mentioned topics , if you could write a review mentioning them , somehow recommend them to me or whatever i 'd be eternally in your debt
software pos 831.txt this is really good software . i own cad software , but it does n't do what punch home design can do . it has a bit of a learning curve , but if you take the " step by step " tutorials , you 'll find it much easier to learn . i did a module of the tutorial ( there are several ) , then i saved that drawing as " test " and loaded my own and did the appropriate things to it . by going back and forth , i got to use the steps being taught several times which made it easier to remember " how " to do that thing . if you 're planning to remodel ( that 's what i 'm doing ) or building from scratch , this software will give you a real good idea of what your completed remodel or construction will be like . it will more than pay for itself by saving you from making a costly mistake
health neg 32.txt received the item but it did n't work , nor did it have very good instructions . e-mailed company 4 times with no response .
software pos 954.txt in my experience really learning a language requires a mix of learning approaches . that means books , tapes , tutoring , and experience in a country that uses it . i have done all of these and feel this product is well worth including in the mix . i highly reccomend it . if you 're serious you need to just pony up the money and use it .
dvd neg 713.txt compared to argento , i must say that mario bava is for me entirely overrated . he might be a pioneer , but as a stylist he is sadly lacking . his seventies work is more often than not tiresome and tawdry , even if you like horror films . argento fans seeking out ' shock ' on the strength of daria nicolodi 's starring role , music by two members of goblin ( under the nom-de-plume ' a.libra ) and srgento 's supposed giallio-based debt to bava should buy ' shock ' with caution . although it is an authentic slice of eurohorror and better than the contemporary garbage horror hollywood churns out , it is still a fairly dreary , dull , repetitive flick with few high points and many annoyances . finally , the sound and picture quality are fairly poor even when compared to some of jess franco 's rubbish ( and that 's saying something ) - my dvd of the silly ' she killed in ecstasy ' , filmed years before this looks and sounds far far better . shame daria never made films without argento that are better than this. .
music neg 210.txt after souring to dizzying heights with their first four albums ( a feat achieved by only a handful of bands ) the inevitable fall seems to have come on this disc . the bunnymen built their reputation on moody , psychedelic concept pieces that culminated in ocean rain . for this release the band moves into more ' mainstream ' territory , eschewing album-wide cohesiveness for a more radio friendly approach . unfortunately these lightweight songs do n't work as well as the tantalizingly obscure sound they abandoned . if you 're new to the bunnymen you 're probably better served by checking out their first four albums ( crocodiles , heaven up here , porcupine and ocean rain ) or skipping forward to their more recent efforts evergreen and flowers
camera neg 745.txt i purchased the camera in mid june 2006. after 1 month / 1 hr of recording the screen went black when in recording mode . it took the shop about 7 week to fix the problem . i used the camera to record another 20 minutes and now it does not want to focus to infinite . the recording now flickers a lot and a dot appears floating around the screen . this camera has been in the shop more time than in my hands . the store were i bought it said that it would give me a new camera if this happends for the thrid time . the only problem is that if this is a design problem , what do i get by getting a new camera ? just avoid buying this camera until they fix the problem
music pos 355.txt i saw midlake at festival recently and had never heard of them . the live set was strong enough to convince me to order some albums and i 'm now a solid fan . the opening track , roscoe , reminds me a bit of adrian belew , a bit of xtc and a whole lot of midlake themselves . it 's like suddenly realizing how coldplay should sound . the music is layered and atmospheric with a bit of an eels feel . midlake is definitely their own band , for all the influences i 'm throwing out . they make the sort of music that feels old , like your favorite album you lost long ago . try ' roscoe ' or ' young bride ' for an indication of their style . if you like either of those , you need to buy the album .
dvd neg 410.txt this movie would get 5 stars if it were not carressing with one hand - portraying the gospel of john beautifully through the movie - and slapping yahushua / jesus and serious scholars in the face with the other hand . the so-called " scholarly " comments , for example about how the gospel was written 200 years after the events , are by and large intellectually dishonest and quite simply inaccurate . even the lowliest of bible scholars , if honest , will realize this . it is very sad to see people making a buck off the bible , while trying to tear it down at the same time . the worst examples of scripture put downs are in the 3rd dvd . i gave the movie to a relative without that add on
dvd pos 584.txt seth brundle ( goldblum ) is a scientist who might just have invented the world 's first teleporter . the only bug ( pun intended ) is the fact that it does n't handle flesh and live teleportations . ronnie ( geena davis ) is a writer for particle magazine and will stay by his side , documenting via video his attempts to break through . upon successfully teleporting a baboon , seth gets cocky and decides to try and teleport himself ; a fly slips into the pod while he teleports . at first , seth finds newfound strength and agility , but pretty soon he 's changing for the worst . this is one of cronenberg 's best films , masterfully directed and executed . it 's also jeff goldblum 's finest performance to date ! not content on doing a mere remake ( the original fly ( 1958 ) is a much different film starring vincent price ) , cronenberg brings this film to the next level- -literally . it 's filled with deep human drama and let 's not forget the award-winning special effects ! top notch effects contribute in putting this film ahead of the pack of other mid-eighties sci-fi / horror flicks . the film overall has aged well ( it 's already been twenty years ) if not for the eighties fashion statements . i 'm having a hard time figuring out which it is more ; a sci-fi or a horror film ? i guess it 's a fusion of both ( i gotta stop these bad puns ! ) . whether you see it for the first time or revisit it , cronenberg 's the fly is a great gory , character-driven , profoundly human film . the second disc is chock full of special features : various documentaries and a making-of , screenplays , the original short story on which the original film is based , trailers for all the fly movies ever made , deleted scenes , and much much more . a must have for any cronenberg fan
health neg 436.txt oh fusion razor , fusion razor , gleaming long and bright . bring to the growth upon my face your buzzing , five-blade might ! your contours sleek and overformed , your gripping action steady . your shaving power manifold , t'would make a weak mind heady . what thoughtfulness lies ' neath your shine ? you gleam like spaceship rubble ! and with your " future now " design , you lay waste to my stubble ! too bad you lay waste also to the skin beneath the hair . now i bemoan the scabby strokes that mar my visage fair . purring like a happy tiger that stalks its helpless prey , with your five and shining claws , my face you swiftly flay . our first few dates were sweet as silk , your touch was oh-so-gentle . but by date three you bit and chewed , you 've proven tempermental . oh , fusion razor , fusion razor , why have you done me wrong ? although you 're mighty , it 's too bad my skin is not as strong . why do i keep on giving you a chance to find redemption ? what razor god hath granted thee such epiderm exemption ? oh , no more , no , my razor friend , your doom is clearly written by tributaries crimson red that on my cheeks you 've smitten . i wondered when i purchased you , just what the " fusion " meant . now i think it marks the meld ' twixt shaves and punishment . " the leading edge of science ! " " the future is today ! " " the greatest shave technology ! " your advertisements say . technology 's not always good . although it 's what life 's built on , it also causes wars and monsters ( much like paris hilton ) . i need no buzzing , layered mesh of steel that swiftly flails . i think i 'd rather shave myself with dull lee press-on-nails . so , adieu , my fusion razor , do n't leave in dour depression . take comfort in that tho ' your banned , you still left an impression
dvd pos 516.txt the only reason i gave it 4 stars and not a 5 is because not everyone will be happy with all 5 films in this collection . point blank is that this a must get . you cannot beat the price for a good selection of quality american films . very satisfied
software pos 764.txt i 'm very impressed with how non intrusive this software is . i used norton for approximately 5 years before i changed to bit defender . i did n't realize how bogged down my system was until i made the change . the system scan is very quick ( approx . 8-10 minutes in comparison to 20-25 minutes from norton ) . i do n't even notice when the software is updating . i 'm very pleased with the program thus far and i highly recommend it
dvd pos 598.txt i 'm not usually a ballet person . i have n't seen anything since " the nutcracker " when i was six . but this was absolutely brilliant . the concept for it is completely bold and original and adam cooper as the swan blew me away . how can you beat a dancer in black leather pants with a riding crop ? tchaikovsky never would have envisioned this , but he would be utterly thrilled to see what they have done with his epic ballet .
camera pos 372.txt i have had my canon eos 30d for about a week and after 500 shutter actuations i am completely addicted to photography . i bought the 17-85mm canon lens and it takes phenomenal pics especially using the software and post-processing in raw . i also have a 70-300mm lens for sports / outdoors / nature and bursts of 5fps are a beautiful sound . i bought the camera through dell and with rebates currently this is the best deal out there ! strongly recommend . pay the extra $$$ and get this over the rebel xti . you wo n't be disappointed
software pos 793.txt amazing program ! definitely building my skills in the interior design field . would recommend to anyone
dvd pos 935.txt this dvd is a great complement to the dvd 's offered by vce ( trinity and beyond , nukes in space , etc ) . by itself , it is a highly technical look at the process of testing materials , military equipment , and building materials during three atomic test series covered on the dvd set . the quality of the film varies between the three discs . the last civil defense video on disc 2 suffers a lot of audio warble , unfortunately . but , it is nice to see these important historical documents preserved in a digital format . i 've owned trinity and beyond for several years , and i really enjoy the way it is presented . but , it has to cover so many tests in a short amount of time that it skims over a lot of information about testing procedures , etc. you begin to get the impression that the military was doing these tests for their own amusement . after watching this dvd , i have a much better understanding of the entire process . it 's easy to see why the military was eager to do so many tests in the early days of the atomic weapons program . the science of the atomic bomb was a moving target , and this dvd outlines the research they made . though i would never like to see anyone use atomic weapons ever again , their sheer power is fascinating , beautiful , and frightening at the same time . if you are interested in the science of atomic testing , you should really take a look at this set
software pos 222.txt this one is definately the best out of all of the previous acid music programs . it has a ton of loops , a really cool looking skin , and much more options than in acid 1.0 or 2.0. it comes with two cds . one of them has the application on it with some loops and the other cd has nothing but loops and demo songs ! it has over 1 , 600 unique loops ! definately a good buy for those who really liked any of the previous acid musics
camera neg 851.txt the camera has really amazing features . but it also has an outrageously major focus weekness . i made a mistake of buying one
health pos 806.txt i normally have severe pain in my neck especially when i first get up in the morning causing extremely painful headaches and migraines . this pillow has kept my neck in a suitable position , eliminating about 70-90% of my problems
music neg 680.txt nothing new here . i like reading the ridiculous reviews of these cds where people gush all over the screens over how much they love patton . this cd is dull . suffering from patton overexposure . maybe he should actually spend some time and make an awesome album ( like secret chiefs 3 - book of horizons ) rather than dozens of merely adequate ones
health neg 206.txt the foil is abrasive and can cause razor bumps . also the shave is not close and will missed areas around my rear jaw line that my remington gets fairly easily . overrated and overpriced eurotrash .
books neg 328.txt i found this book to be very disappointing . ms conant and her heroine were both suffering from memory loss with this book . not up to her usual standard
music pos 187.txt this is the jacksons second album for epic and producers gamble and huff . it would be their last with gamble and huff but together they made a great album that doesnt get the play it should . music 's takin over , different kind of lady and do what you wanna are great , catchy dance tracks . the real greatness here lies in the ballads where michael 's voice is in peak form . even though you 're gone and find me a girl are classic ballads . so good , i feel that find me a girl is probably the best michael jackson song you 've never heard . this is probably michael jackson 's most overlooked album and its one of his best ! the jacksons all sing together great and you can see why destiny and triumph were such big hits after this one was recorded . overall , great ballads , catchy feel good dance tracks , and michael jackson singing his heart out . get this , you will not be dissaponted
health neg 454.txt i really wanted to love this fragrance...after all , it is quite expensive and i 'd read rave reviews on many websites...but after one spritz i sold it to a friend of mine ! my favorite perfumes are beyond paradise , ralph lauren romance , ralph lauren style , and dkny be delicious . light blue , to me , smells overwhelmingly of musk . i wore it all day and i ended up feeling nauseous , with a bad headache . this must be one of those perfumes that works well on most everyone else except for me
software neg 138.txt imagine that you know so little about a computer that you would n't even be here reading this review . these discs are for your grandmother who still has the corded , dial , yellow wall phone . if you are a recent ( one hour ago ) immigrant from a sixth world country , and you need to forward the " burger king christmas song " , well , then you 're already ahead of these " learning " cds . ( my apologies to grandmothers with corded , dial , yellow wall phones ) . ( actually , i kinda wish i had one ! ) regards , older but no smarter
camera pos 491.txt you can check the photos that i took with canon s45 and this housing . it works brilliant . i just tested in 10meters . also there are supported extra lenses for this housing ( macro , wide ) ..
camera pos 243.txt this is a great lens . i do not want to repeat all the good things other reviewers have written about this lens . it is not so heavy so i use tripod without using tripod collar ( costs 119.99 in b & h ) . this is the best value i have ever got for a lens . now i ca n't wait to get 17-40mm f4l too . you can get a very nice bokeh when wide open at f4 and f5.6 , of course depending on the how far the background is from the subject . people complain how ugly the hood looks but that is subjective . i like it because it works great and you can attach it in a reversed position on the lens so that it will fit in your camera bag . i think the fit and finish of the lens is beautiful
health pos 552.txt i love this straightener ! i have had two other straighteners including one from a salon that cost over $80 and this one works much better then either of the other two . all my friends also love it and are always asking to barrow it
software pos 521.txt the software was installed flawlessly . programs have worked successfully and been exactly what i need and wanted
health neg 868.txt absolutely the worst cream ever ! after about a week of using it , my skin turned very red and then gray / brown ! i developed severe wrinkling and my skin became rubbery and loose . i went to a dermatologist who did a biopsy and said that i had developed elastolytic granulomas over the area where the cream was put - the elastin in those areas was destoyed and there was a scarring like pattern of collagen . the normal architecture of the dermal / epidermal junction was also lost - causing melanin from the epidermis to fall into the dermis - basically causing permanent discoloration ! dont listen to the false hype on the net - that hype is coming from people trying to make money off this stuff - take the advice of someone who has actually used this product - copper peptide products are not good for your skin
health pos 797.txt this is the best bargain for your money.pampers swaddlers are better than pampers . even better than costco brand . worth every penny
books neg 840.txt richard fawkes ' writing is stilted , his phrases repetitive , and he does n't convince me at all that he knows anything about the military . do n't waste your time or money
software neg 166.txt i bought this product after reading the other on-line reviews saying how easy it was to use . i am someone who works with computers daily and this was anything but easy ! it was hard to understand and getting someone from their help desk to assist was a joke ! i would n't recommend this product to anyone unless you 're a professional architect / computer genius
books pos 147.txt ` the savory way ' is an early ( 1990 ) book from leading vegetarian cookbook author , deborah madison so , as ms. madison has a new book on the way , i thought it was high time for me to catch up with her body of work so i can give an informed review of how her new volume fits into her other books . ms. madison is a former colleague of alice waters and lindsey shere at chez panisse who specializes in a very general way , like mollie katzen and madhur jaffrey , on dishes that fit into a vegetarian lifestyle . note that the term ` vegetarian ' , especially as used by these three authors , is extremely misleading , as it is much more appropriate to say that they construct meals of everything under the sun except meat , fowl , fin fish and shell fish . both madison and jaffrey make extensive use of milk , cheese , yoghurt , and eggs . madison 's objective in this book is , in fact , to cover as broad as possible a survey of what can be done without using animal flesh . the book 's title may be a bit misleading to some foodies in that ` savory ' is often one of the words used to divide dishes in two great groups of ` savory ' and ` sweet' . this book in fact includes two rather long chapters on sweets . a first look at this book shows lots of headnotes to the many recipes . the first thing you need to know if you are put off by ` chatty ' recipe books is that these notes are almost exclusively devoted to an understanding of the cooking involved with the recipe and how to get the best results from your ingredients . while little stories about the historical provenance of a recipe may interest many , including myself , that is not what this book is about . on top of this , i firmly agree with the blurbed opinion from mollie katzen who compliments both her cuisine and her writing . almost all professional culinary writers are pretty good , or have an excellent copy editor at work on their prose , but ms. madison is a food service professional who writes very well . i often wish the soon to be beknighted jamie oliver had a bit more talent with words , as i find his books so comforting in spite of the heavy contribution from his editors . the very first attraction of the book is its table of contents , which lists every single recipe title in the front of the book . this is doubly useful in that this relatively long book divides recipes into chapters covering eleven different types of dishes suitable for just about any time of the day , including a good selection of recipes very good for breakfast . the eleven recipe chapters are : quick bites with 40 pages of recipes for sandwiches , toasts , and spreads . salads to start or make a meal with 42 pages soups and stews with 50 pages of thick , thin , and pureed soups , including a new one with my favorite fall ingredient , chestnuts . eighteen quick pasta dishes for five and company , 32 pages stovetop vegetables , 27 pages of sautes and braises . baked and roasted vegetables , 25 pages with ratatouille , gratins , tians , and other goodies . grilled vegetables and their sauces , 11 pages with two to six sauces per grilled dish . down to earth , 26 pages on rice , potatoes and beans ( although beans appear throughout all chapters ! ) morning foods for day and night , 26 pages of eggs and cheese and cereals and breads . finishing touches , 31 pages of sauces , salsas , condiments , dressings , pastes , and you name it . desserts , 45 pages on fruit dishes , cream cheeses , pastries , and custards sweetmeats , 12 pages on sweet pastes , peels , syrups , dried fruits , and other dessert dressings . every recipe i examined is relatively simple to prepare with fewer expensive or rare ingredients than you may find with jaffrey or jack bishop , and great tips on understanding the recipes and the ingredients . the appendix is just right for the occasional home cook who is lost in the forest of equipment you can find in a first rate kitchen supply store such as the second floor at zabars . ms. madison puts it all in perspective by highlighting all my favorite tools such as gratin and tian pots , the mortar and pestle , a few good knives , the food mill and the pizza stone and peel . the chapter on the pantry has lots for the novice and a few good tips for the foodie , such as the fact that mexican olive oils can be very spicy . possibly the best items in the appendix are the lists of dishes for special purposes such as entertaining , feeding large groups , and fitting into a low fat diet ( note that for the number of recipes in this book , this low fat list is surprisingly short ) . the list of sources is short with no internet sites provided , but i recognize that virtually all of these vendors are still in business . the bibliography is also brief , but hits all the right titles , especially joy larkcom 's excellent ` the salad garden' . this book is a great resource for ` liberal ' vegetarians who simply eschew meat . i would add this to madhur jaffrey 's ` world vegetarian ' , peter berley 's ` the modern vegetarian kitchen ' , and jack bishop 's ` the complete italian vegetarian ' to create a great core vegetarian library . i cannot at this time compare this to ms. madison 's other books , as this is the first i have read , although i sense many of her more recent books have a narrower scope , focusing on vegetable dishes . i plan to review her other books in the next few days . highly recommended for both vegetarians and foodies in general .
software pos 925.txt my 4 year old son received this as a christmas present . he has really enjoyed playing it so far . he can do most of the activities without help . there is one part where you have to ride a cart down a mountain and click buttons to duck or jump , which i think is pretty hard for little ones ( it actually took me a couple of tries to make it down the mountain ) . there are many different learning activities : matching , memory , shapes , size , etc. we did not have any problems loading the game on our computer as another reviewer did . we have a new dell computer running on windows xp
software neg 193.txt acrobat 5 was so buggy that i thought i 'd give adobe a couple of product cycles before upgrading . should have waited longer . there have been improvements in v7 : a better look , better commenting , the ability to add text that actually prints , and far better ocr functionality . but other basic functions are way worse than in v5 : some word documents that were easy to convert to pdf in v5 will not convert in v7 , seems to be something to do with font license issues . installation is a nightmare and repeated re-installation was required to get past system hangs , clashes with standard security software , and endless errors in the automatic update feature . the new product activation makes this even more of a pain because too many re-installations force you to activate by phone . despite my already low expectations of adobe , this product is a disappointment . with acrobat 7 , adobe is , as usual , charging top $ for what any decent company would consider an embarrassing mess even as a beta version . ( for reference , my system is window xp pro , pentium 4 3ghz , 2.5gb ram )
books neg 993.txt i agree with the above comments...all one sees is a black cover . the book looks / sounds interesting , but there is no table of contents or example of what is inside the book . this book needs to present more information if you expect one to buy
dvd neg 107.txt there are no words to describe how awful ( ! ! ! ) this " movie " was from beginning to end , but let me try anyway so as to give people a fair chance to avoid it and thus try and prevent their day / evening from being ruined : the film supposedly deals with a woman who has an accident and is " touched " by a sex angel only to discover she is a sex addict and the twelfth sex apostle.. . need i say more ? the plot , the " humor , " the dialogues , and the music are way beyond " below average . " there is next to no nudity and there are no , i mean 0 as in zero beautiful girls , in this film ! as for the acting-oh my - the acting is beyond words.. . school plays ( and pre-school for that matter ) have better actors ! it is truly sad.. . rent or buy ( ha ha ha ) at your own risk . you have been warned !
music pos 69.txt what a great album this is , not only is the music a real pleasure to listen to , but the lyrics are a hoot ! wayne is not afraid to experiment , he skillfully combines old school elements with new in such a natural way . the songs pull you right in as if your listening to an old favorite you have n't heard in a long time . this album instantly became one of my favorites . i bought two more to give as gifts .
dvd pos 928.txt i do n't have a review , i have a question . as a grandparent of a 10 year old blind girl . is it possible that someone could send me directions for this game ? i would like to get it printed in braille for her . thanks for your help..judi ree
camera pos 775.txt takes great pics and the 3 " screen is really nice . wall plug in recharger is nice also . i have taken pics outside in sunny , overcast , & rainy conditions . indoors at sporting events and around the house . in all settings the pics have been truly wonderful . a few instances of blurriness caused by an unsteady hand but otherwise very nice pics . however , as canon 's top of the line powershot commanding a higher dollar price this camera really should have a higher optical zoom . 3x isnt enough when other , cheaper cameras have 6x optical zoom . also image stabilzation should be included
books pos 271.txt the product was in excellent condition and the shipping was the fastest i have seen to be from regular postal service . it got here less than a week
dvd neg 87.txt the & quot ; latin&quot ; moves in this workout seem strangely like american aerobics to me . you can work up a sweat by adding a lot of intensity to the moves , but if you 're interested in latin dance , my advice is to buy brazilian dance workout with vanessa isaac instead . this workout just is n't as energetic and fast-paced as it looks
camera pos 422.txt for years now i have been buying " bargain " cameras with the foolish notion that i did not need a nice one . finally , i got sick of it and bought the exilim ex-z600. this camera is awesome . the screen is huge , the picture quality is great , it is easy to use and is sooo small . overall , a great buy . the one downside is that i can only connect it to my computer using the dock . luckily , i have an sd card reader , so i normally just use that to download my pictures
camera pos 52.txt i already have 2 of the smaller versions for other lenses but wanted to be sure my efs 17-85-mm would be snug as a bug in its own pouch instead of a cheap felt sling thing . well , canon came through again with another of its soft felt line the lp1116. this pouch is thick and has the same firm bottom made of naugahide that protects the inside lens . the cord is strong and silky and does n't open accidently the way a silky cord would . obviously we ca n't throw the pouch around and we have to be careful but it really does the trick and feels good in your hand . the moment i buy another lens , i shall have to buy its matching pouch
music neg 304.txt i never really noticed the soundtrack when watching this show on television but i love the show so was a little surprised when purchasing the album that all the non sound bite tracks are american country music songs . ca n't say i 'm much of a fan of american country music so was just a bit disappointed . i think a great inclusion on this album though is the sound bites from all the leading housewife characters on this show and this alone is worth the price of the cd . was also disappointed that danny elfman 's desperate housewives theme is not a separate track and ridiculously has some hidden track attached to it . the desperate housewives theme goes for 0:44 seconds then you have a break of silence for a while but still on the same track before at 1:01 a terribly sung summary of the tv show mentioning wisteria lane over and over again follows for a minute and twenty seconds . what ligic was there in not making this a separate track ? you would then be able to memory it out on your stereo . i like listening to tv themes and i find this just ruins that track because you need to be near your stereo to press skip after 0:44 seconds . this cd is worth purchasing for the sound bites alone but i guess if you 're just buying it for the theme song you 'll have to wait for some other new tv theme compilation album to get the theme song on its own . this album also comes with an excellent cover insert booklet with lots of great pictures of characters and scenes from the show .
camera pos 82.txt holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more .
music pos 192.txt tom delonge is at it again with a new band and a new album . even with being accompanied by the lead guitarist from boxcar racer , angels and airwaves managed to have a completely different sound . they dropped the more punk rock tone of boxcar racer in favor of an emo-alternative style of rock . the first released single " the adventure " is quite enjoyable and even though i have n't checked too deeply into it , i think it 's the theme song for nbc 's studio 60. besides , how can you go wrong with an album that 's gone double platinum in the uk and gold in canada
music neg 187.txt this album contains only rap and no rock songs . this was very disappointing to say the least
dvd neg 97.txt let me just preface my review with the fact that some of my favorite movies are incredibly slow and even " boring " to my friends . so it is n't the glacial pace of this movie that so bothered me . it is n't the unresolved ending that bothered me . it was n't the violence ( in short bursts . ) it was n't the acting ( the acting was pretty good actually ) . but as a whole this movie was simply a tremendous failure . i did n't care who was sending the tapes and i did n't care what would happen with the main characters . they were unrelatable on just about any level . this movie is the kind where you will see a remotely interesting twist in the plot about 3 / 4 's of the way in and you 'll think , " wow i wonder where the story will go next " . and then it doesn't . that was it . very disappointing . i do n't mind excruciatingly slow films as long as there 's some kinda payoff in the end . i really do n't understand all the acclaim that this movie got . as a " suspense " movie or as an " art " film it fails pretty miserably . the premise was a good idea that went nowhere...slowly . viewer beware .
music pos 325.txt oh ! boy ! how things have change..years ago i invested thousands of dollars in a killer dvd-audio / super-audio multichannel surround system.this was done to capture the glory of the state of the art music mastered in the wide frequency response of 24 / 192khz.example ..donald fagen " morph the cat " dvd-audio disc..this dics captures the dedicated genuine glory of dvd-audio multichannel done superbly.today we have the so call bonus dvd audio disc packaged together for one low rediculous price only to be disappointed with the amature quality of the 5.1 mix.if you are an audiophile like me and know the difference between the dedicated dvd-audio disc sold between $14.99- $29.99 and the so call bonus dvd disc...you will understand why iam so irritated at this new phenomenon.today most good recievers can play back stereo recorded music in " all channel stereo / multichannel stereo surround which sounds superior to the so call dvd 5.1 disc.the stereo version of the beatles love album is worthy of my expensive system and is highly recommended
camera neg 920.txt my 5-year old daughter spent all day taking pictures of her and her baby sister in san francisco . we put new batteries in that morning . the next day i was wondering why the picture numbers had reset . when i tried to download the pictures to my computer , they were all gone , and the battery icon was flashing . based on what i 've read here , it appears the batteries died after one day of use and the pictures were all erased . the picture quality is about the same as an old camera phone - - pretty poor , but good enough for my 5-year to enjoy . but what good is that when there are n't even any pictures the next day . i 'm hoping the store will take it back
music neg 635.txt this is a great album and a great artist with albert king theres no going wrong when you buy one of his albums . he is the king of electric-blues . you can hear all these songs in great format . just awsome playing awsome singing . its sure no wonder srv . and hendrix really loved albert king
books pos 708.txt this book has a lot of information about how protecting wild areas works in wa and and an overview of the protections offered by the united states government . it then provides the inspiration to get people started through true stories of grassroots projects . while the book does n't list 1 , 2 , 3 , what needs to be done to start a grassroots movement , that should n't be expected , because all people have different motivations , and this book should be used as a tool to help you understand the basics of how these sorts of movements work . a must for anyone who wants to further understand washington state for all of its great wild places , or anyone for that matter , that is looking for inspiration on why wild areas should be protected . plus all of the proceeds go to a great cause
dvd neg 301.txt i bought this dvd after reading all the great reviews and i was very disappointed . first off , it is outdated and that is annoying with the annoying music - but the background exercisers really bug me too . not only that , the moves are strange . she does a lot of shoulder work moving back and forth with her feet to the beat of the cheesy music . i found my neck hurt a lot after that . the leg section would be good if there was another way to position yourself . the ab section too was so old school , i was hoping to find some new exercises . i love karen voight but this dvd was definately the worst i have yet to purchase of hers . all the other karen voight i own i absolutely love
software neg 734.txt i have always used the other well-known office suites in the past but when i received an offer on this suite at a significant discount , i thought i would try it . i should mention i 'm a doctoral student in the middle of a dissertation , so the challenge was to migrate important data and documents into wordperfect and quattro pro . while i was able to get it done the quattro pro interface with spss , which had worked seemlessly with the other spreadsheet , failed horribly . not to mention the complicated details of what should be simple document formatting- -the visual basic editor kept freezing or denying me access . invest in a better product if you have serious work . i 've gone back to the benchmark office suite product
software neg 493.txt i have spent the better part of 4 months dealing with these guys . they wo n't talk to you on the phone , do n't let you get support until you register your product with a serial # , which , if you lose and need to re-install , you ca n't get without a login and a serial #. that makes no sense . i 've had technical problems with true image home 9 and 10 , and just ca n't get them to resolve it . very unhappy with these guys . the product looks good , but if you have a glitch , prepare to wait a week or more for tech support to respond by email . check out their web site and try some numbers - you 'll find there 's no way to talk to anyone unless you want to buy something . this is not one experience with them . it 's feb 07 now , and this charade began last august ! buyer beware
camera pos 985.txt after reading the reviews here and at [...] on this baby , i was a little cocerned about its low-light and indoor performance . let me be the first to say that my fears were largely unfounded . yes , if you film in very low light , it will darken many colors . but we 're talking 60 lux , which is the roughly equivalent to the light put off from the candles of a birthday cake . just keep the lights on when your kid blows out the candles , and viola ! seriously , i have had absolutely no problems with it filming too dark indoors , outdoors , or even when i film local bands playing in dark bars . the reason i wanted to try this camera was because it is the only flash-based camera that is receiving even mildly positive reviews . i do not want a tape mechanism that will break , nor a fragile hard drive that cannot be used in many film-worthy conditions ( think snow skiing , as the drive mechanism will freeze up on you in very cold weather ) . as i said , i was skeptical when i purchased it , but no more . the videos are far better than any other camcorder i 've owned . my last was a canon zr 50 mini dv , and this camera takes vastly superior videos than that one . the four stars is only because of the mpeg2 format this records to . i have a mac , so editting requires that i convert to dv with streamclip so that imovie can import the movies . mainly , i just do n't edit my home videos so that has n't been a problem . but if would have been nice for it to be an easier option , and it could have been if they encoded to mpeg4 with h264 and mp3 / aac , which appears to be the next standard . if that concerns you , or if you want hd , you might wait until the panasonic sd1 is available because it records in avhdc which is a form of mpeg4. of course , imovie does n't yet support that either , so you may have to wait until ilife 07 to really use it . in parting , i will also mention that the size of this unit is absolutely fabulous . i no longer dread lugging around even my smallish mini dv camera . this thing literally fits in my jacket pocket , so i end up filming a lot more than i did with previous cameras . if you 're looking for small , flash-based , and good quality video , get this camera , you 'll love it
camera neg 89.txt this filter is fine for normal shooting , but if you do low-light work , beware ; you will see bad internal reflections on night shots , and will need to remove the filter
camera pos 202.txt i am thrilled with this lens 's capabilities and the pictures it does . i test shot a corner of a window to determine if it would be good for my insect shots that i like so well . well , it did great as it came but i found that i wanted to have the 1 / 1 capability so i bought the add-on converter and am thrilled to have added both of these necessary items for my set-up . i like nature photography the best and like to use my off summer days for hiking and finding photographs to take in perhaps well-known places but finding unique angles and subjects is what i like to specialize in . this lens will greatly enhance your experience in that ' little world ' we commonly trod over or weed-ate away . i built a diffuser using a ping-pong ball over the flash so the lighting would work better . ( works great , btw ) . as usual , it 's great canon glass that does the trick
camera neg 856.txt if you 're looking to capture " the decisive moment " with the nikon coolpix 8400 , stop- --do not buy this camera ! ! ! for that matter , carefully check any digicam or other camera with which you want to capture " action , " because what you think you see , may not be what the camera has the ability to capture as an image . let me briefly explain where i 'm coming from : i made my living as a field photojournalist for 40 years . by the time i retired out of the business i had probably created something like a million color and b&w film images . i owned and used mostly nikon equipment all those years ( although i sure liked working with leica rangefinder cameras and short focal length lenses ) , starting with the original nikon f slr ( which i still have ) and finishing up with the n90s and probably ten different lenses of varying focal lengths . i like nikon equipment a lot . i decided to begin working with digital images last year . i was attracted to the coolpix 8400 because the " spread " on the zoom lens was the 35mm camera equivalent of 24mm- -85mm . when i worked with film i probably used my 24mm and 105mm nikkors more than any others in my bag , so this little coolpix beauty had just about what i was looking for in one package . let me say that while the problems with the viewfinder and shutter lag make this camera absolutely useless for editorial photojournalism , it is , nevertheless , a marvel of human ingenuity . for many other uses- --such as taking pictures of fire hydrants or cows standing in a pasture ( put another way , things that do n't move ) , it works wonderfully well . seriously , i shot an assignment here in tucson that was essentially architectual in nature . the images can only be described as superb ( if i do say so myself ) . i worked only with the camera and a tripod on the shoot . working inside i simply changed the light balance within the menu on the 8400 ( which you can pretty much do on any digital camera these days ) , did not have to check the scene with a separate exposure meter , etc. point being that with film i often carried a bunch of light balancing filters and sometimes a separate gossen exposure meter and all sorts of lights to shoot an assignment . even then , i 'd sweat blood until i could get the processed film on a light table . of course with digital , i ( you ) do n't have to worry about any of that stuff . one can check the image immediately and know instantly if you 're good to go . alas , the shutter lag on this , and many other digital cameras made these days , is the " downcheck " which makes me unable to recommend the 8400. there is also the delay in the electronic viewfinder to deal with . the combination of shutter and viewfinder lag make it absolutely impossible to capture an image , the precise composition of which lasts only a split-second . i have taken many good pictures of people working , " action " shots and the like , but it was only by taking large numbers of images of any given activity and then retaining the one or two that said what i intended that i achieved my purpose . essentially , my shooting eye ( which is pretty damned good ) had nothing to with it . it 's like a soldier trying to kill an enemy with a machine-gun- --if he fires enough rounds , one of them is going to hit the other guy . marksmanship has nothing to do with it . same-same shooting with electronic viewfinders and shutter lag . if you shoot enough images , statistically you 're probably going to get a good one . but it 's not a very good way to do things . so if you 're looking to capture what henri cartier-bresson ( i 'm not sure i 've spelled his name correctly ) so artfully described as " the decisive moment , " look at a digital single-lens reflexes , or wait for improvements in digicams .
camera neg 609.txt i got this camera when it was rather new . i am not extremely pleased with it . it is not acting this way because it is 2 years old...it was like this when i bought it . -first of all...it has no lens cover so you have to keep it in a camera bag . incase you touch the lens without relizing...all your pictures will be ruined . -it takes for ever to take a picture . you have to wait for like 2 seconds for the picture to be taken . -it eats up batteries like crazy -it takes forever to turn on -if you have the flash setting on autoflash , the camera will still flash in bright sunlight -the pictures are extremly blurry when you print at home -it has no optical zoom ( but the zoom is really the customer 's choice .
camera pos 330.txt i am a professional photographer , and i have owned this camera for nearly two years . i also have a d70 for backup . the batteries go forever , it is very quick to respond , the images are beautiful , and it has the typical nikon durability and reliability . if you are already a nikon user , the controls will fall easily to hand . that having been said , the computer software with this camera is a joke . for the best image quality shoot raw files , color balance with a grey card , and render the images with software like capture one le . the uselessness of the included software is the only reason that this camera gets four instead of five stars . come on , nikon , be real ! ! ! shortly after i got my first d70 , i shot a model for a small photo for a side bar in a catalog . i got an ugly feeling in my gut when i was told that the designer had taken a shot that was 3 / 4 figure , cropped to the head and shoulders , and enlarged the image for the cover of the 8.5 x 11 in catalog . by the time i found out , it was already at the printer . as it turned out , i was pleasantly surprised : the cover shot looked great . after that incident , i have trusted this camera and have always been pleased with the results . this camera is better than 35 mm in every way except response to the shutter button . in resolution and color reproduction it is more comparable to a medium format film camera . it is imperative to shoot raw and process the files properly to get the most out of this camera . i ca n't wait to try the d80
books neg 32.txt i 've been following the alex cross series from its beginning , and after reading cat & mouse , i 'm wondering if patterson has taken these characters as far as they can go.. . given the fact that there are 7 or 8 more cross books written subsequently to this one , i can only hope that the series gets better . my complains are similar to those of other reviewers : 1. i 'm getting sick of the perfection of alex cross . the man 's a saintly father , saintly grandson , saintly lover , saintly charity worker , and saintly detective . these traits hooked the reader and made cross an intriguing character , but he 's fast becoming too one-dimensional . 2. the cross / sampson relationship . as if we were n't sick enough of this already . every few chapters , we 're reminded of the man-crush cross and sampson have on each other . sampson is so perfect in cross 's eyes that it becomes tiresome to hear about it every time sampson enters a scene . 3. the cross / christine johnson relationship moves way too fast . one moment christine is still mourning the loss of her husband ( who was viciously murdered 6 months prior in jack & jill ) and freaks out over an innocent dinner date , and the next she and cross are madly in love . no development whatsoever , no line from point a to point b . 4. i 'm not sure patterson could have written the dialogue between cross and his children any more unrealistically . are n't these 7 - and 9-year-old children ? he has more intelligent conversations with his kids than he does with sampson or kyle craig . 5. the entire novel is a series of pseudo-climaxes which are ultimately resolved by plot twists that seemingly arrive from left field . the soneji resolution was anti-climactic at best , and the mr. smith conclusion was unfulfilling
health neg 77.txt i had never eaten a luna bar before i made this purchase , so i had expectations that were not even close to being fufilled . when i read " chocolate pecan pie " .. i expected just that. . the taste of rich chocolate , with nutty pecans and a gooey sugary base . what i received was a bar with little taste , nothing at all similar to the name on the bar . in my opinion , the bar is edible if you have no expectations of it.. . the flavor is barely there . the bar is dry . it is never again be on my " purchase " list
books pos 795.txt after getting and reading primary target as a gift , i immediately began picking up other joe weber books . defcon one , his first , was absolutely terrific . great plot line and characters . the action is continuous throughout . my suggestion is not to pick up this book to read up before going to bed because you 'll never put it down . looking forward to reading his next - shadow flight . my hat 's off to joe weber . keep up the great work
software neg 348.txt i have the same problem that xrayman does . i was wondering if i had a faulty unit since it was an " opened " item and slightly discounted in the store where i bought it . i guess i 'm not the only one who has this problem . my tv is a plasma , for whatever that 's worth . and i too found that the spydertv did not set things correctly . color was much too saturated , and contrast and brightness were not correct . the only thing it did do was correctly choose the color temperature , which i do think is better than what i had it set to , so i 'm now using spydertv 's recommended color temp . but i reset everything else back to the settings i had already achieved by eye . i am going to try it out on an old crt television and see if it works any better on that . my plasma is n't new , and i would recommend that people do not use this product on a new plasma . it requires you to put a bright white square up on your screen for far too long . i had to run through 15 color temperature settings , letting spydertv take a reading on each one , while leaving the bright square up . took at least 7 minutes . that will temporarily burn the square into a new plasma screen . ...and might throw off the remaining measurements that have to be taken
camera pos 346.txt photos were excellent . but photo print quality depends very much on the print shop . for the same photo file , it can look like a 4m photo when taken to a below quality printer shop . photos taken indoor with marginal lighting ( no flash used ) turned out to be yellowish . battery life is very long despite its large 3 " lcd . battery charging time is over 3 hours - too long . photos files viewed on computer looks just great . 8'x10 ' prints are great but have not tried larger prints . touch screeen control is a delight and very easy to choose and set . date on photo is red ( would be better if it is black ) . and the location of the date is not at the far right hand corner
books pos 790.txt i am a calligrapher and i am always looking for poems and prayers to write and have framed and then present to the newlyweds . i was excited when i opened the book and read some of the beautiful verses . i tell you i am in a calligrapher 's heaven . my brother is a minister and as the " wedding season " is approaching i will be ordering a copy for him . if i could rate this book higher than the 5 stars i would . thank you , thank you , thank you ! ! ! ! ! ! !
software neg 128.txt 800 , 000 images without keywords - the only useful parts of this collection are the classic and traditional .tif 's that you can take into illustrator and turn into vector . the high res images are n't , the clipart is less than microsoft office online quality and i 've gotten far more use out of a 50 , 000 image collection b / c they took the time to keyword and catagorize the collection . if you like to look thru a book and put in one of the 32 disks and then find the image - then this collection is for you . if you want to have any sort of search capabilites , look elsewhere
software neg 449.txt having just paid [...] for this product , i expected the word processing component to have at least the basics . wrong . to me , the ability to easily format a business or legal document with " page x of y " at the bottom of the page seems pretty fundamental . well , works 8.5- --unlike other microsoft word processor versions or programs- --does not provide that choice . without this basic a " feature " , you might as well simply use wordpad . i cannot comment on other abilities this program has or does n't have , or , on the spreadsheet or database modules , because i simply do n't want to spend any more time on this . recommendation : go to openoffice.org and get open office for free
software neg 463.txt i bought this product based on independent reviews by consumer and pc magazines . the product 's performance was ok , but customer service was a headache . the serial number on the cd that was shipped to me came up as " invalid " when i tried to install the software . i had to call customer service , who gave me two more serial numbers before the software would accept one as valid . now , one year later i want to upgrade my software to the current version ( to save $$ over a new purchase ) and guess what ? my serial number is invalid and in order to upgrade via the trend site i will have to pay more than what amazon would charge me for a brand new cd . i will most likely switch to zonealarm because of the hassles involved in registering and upgrading this product
books pos 239.txt only knowing jack canfield from the very successful " chicken soup for the soul " mega series , i had no idea his abilities as a motivational mentor and coach . although this book title seemed to be directed toward business success , the gems of this book can be used in every aspect of your life . this lengthy book is full of words of wisdom and wit . lines that will move you to tears of discovery or move you to change directions . a absolute must read book for understanding the real you
health neg 989.txt i have used three of these . the first two each lasted a year before shorting out . i kept buying them because i liked the cordkeeper function . this last one , though , shorted out and started a fire . i have notified the company and will see what happens . but i doubt that i will purchase another . it 's obvious that this product has an engineering or manufacturing flaw and should be pulled off the market .
software pos 155.txt i have been using microsoft operating systems for a very long time , and , i still say that this is the best system out there , for many reasons . an increasing amount of linux and mac users have made the claim that they are more compatible with programs , and are less vulnerable to virus and hacks . in response to linux users - stay away from linux , linux is free for a reason . it is compatible with very very few programs as it is , and that number will only decrease . for gamers - rarley do i see a linux compatible game . just stay away from this system . for mac users - mac 's also have a lesser amount of compatible programs . fewer and fewer programs can run on them , and like linux , that number will only decrease . the only thing keeping macintosh alive is itunes . which is compatible with windows . besides , when direct x 10 comes out , it will only be available for windows , making macintosh 's un-usable for new games when the next windows os comes out ( microsoft vista ) . the computers are also generally more expensive than windows . btw - you can get viruses on mac 's
software neg 700.txt conceptually this is a great game , especially for a child with visions of being a vet . you ( can theoretically ) learn about animals , their care and health issues . those 2 stars for overall are basically for the concept and little else . unfortunately the general usability of this game , vis- -vis lousy controls , is quite low . it 's nearly impossible to move the character at times , which results in stressful failure in the game . it crashes . it ca n't remember simple settings like , leave the terribly loud and obnoxious music off . playing this multiple times with my 6 year old always goes from excitement to frustration ( bordering on tears more than once as a bunny gets woefully ill while your character is comically stuck bouncing between the sofa and ottoman ) . once going you can engage your child by " studying " the books you 've bought . also , as you analyze the patients you learn about ailments as well as the treatments . that is all good stuff , but on whole the game is too frustrating to enjoy . one final note , this is the first time i 've ever bothered to review any product .
books pos 99.txt the book uses cartoons to emphasize the text . it 's always interesting to see what common words different cultures use to describe the human condition . wastes a lot of space , though . worth the price
books neg 656.txt for the most part , the author seems to have pretty good information for the time of the book 's printing , but for anyone who wants to read this book on purely scientific terms , be warned ; there are several places where the book goes awry , for example : the author states that tracks of tyrranosaurus indicate that it was a solitary animal , occasionally hunting in pairs . problem : no tracks of a t . rex have been discovered to date , a decade and a half after the writing . aside from that and a few other points , though , the book is good reading
camera neg 838.txt because the camera eye moves only in one direction , the device had to be permanently attached on a wall across baby 's bed . you have to decide whether you want sacrifice the resolution to see the entire crib ( older child can crawl away from the view ) or see just a part of it . we have cell phones and wireless network so static was pretty bad . we went with graco 's excellent digital imonitor .
dvd neg 673.txt in the golden age of hollywood , each studio usually took a stab all various genres , but excelled in only one . warner brothers cornered gangster films , with forays into musicals ( busby berkeley ) and noir ( bogart ) . universal dabbled in lots of b-films , but succeeded big-time with horror . mgm , of course , produced the best musicals . fox did melodramas - - - especially noir - - - with an occasional romp on mgm 's musical turf . and usually those romps hit some really bad notes . witness the first three flicks in their marquee musicals series . daddy long legs has astaire and caron , pin-up girl has betty grable , week-end in havana has alice faye and carmen miranda , the memory of these films , for the most part , is a lot better than the films themselves . the pleasant but fairly pedestrian scores , thin plots and busy character actors scurrying around propping up the story make for rough going . and make one yearn for mickey and judy
software pos 158.txt honestly , i do n't know how much more they can improve adobe acrobat . it is an excellent product , and a god-send for electronic file management . i upgraded from version 6.0. the only problem i had with 6.0 is that it seemed terribly slow . this new version seems much brisker . it loads quickly , and files seem to " print " to it much more quickly than version 6.0. i do not utilize the " one-button " feature it provides in ms office and other programs . i try to keep all my programs as non-integrated as possible , because my previous experiences showed that they really , really bog each other down , no matter how much their makers claim they won't . i do n't come close to using all the features of acrobat , but for my needs , it far surpasses anything else i 've tried ( or researched ) . if you 're having problems with version 6.0 , or have an older version that you just want upgraded , i strongly recommend this . however , i do n't foresee ever needing to upgrade acrobat again
camera neg 915.txt just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it
books neg 858.txt it was a mistake to buy it . only few pages were interestin
music neg 34.txt mcmurtrys new album really disappoints . i am a longtime fan and found the subject matter of the new album slipping out of character with james past work ( as well as somewhat inappropriate and overly cynical ) . while mcmurtry has had past hits that either hearken back to childhood extravaganza ( see the elephant ) or that provide an echo to the way we americans spend our time ( holiday ) , his attempts on childish things came across as an unfortunate mix of trite and depressing . in past attempts mcmurtry was able to find the nuances of the positive and the negative of americana , yet all the remains in the stinging lyrics of this album is the over-used and overheard downside . the thoughtfulness evaporated on this work . like many aging musicians , mcmurtry could not resist the tempation to jump into personal politics to replace the vacuum of meaningful verse . the cliche and empty " we cant make it here " is a meaningless mix of 70s era socialism and the ills of modern era entitlement policies that displays an ignorance of both democracy and personal responsibility . mcmurtry , previously able to frame an issue , seems oblivious that those of different political persuasions could easily fit the same song title to a wholly opposed set of social ills . criticism is not intelligence , and we can only hope that mcmurtry can get on track going forward . perhaps he should shun the " pc crowd " and seek his own space and more thoughtful views of the complex but substantial american scene for his next album
software neg 208.txt i just bought this cd because i am learning haitian creole , and that 's one of the languages that is supposed to be on this cd . when i installed it , i was unable to find anything on the cd in haitian creole , even though it is listed as one of the languages on the case . so it has been a complete waste of money for me , perhaps if i was interested in the other languages i could give it more stars . it also says in the blurb that u can use any of the 16 languages as the source language , but that is not possible either , u can only chooose a few of the languages as your source . i am very disappointed in the false advertising for this product . if anyone can find creole on this cd i would be happy to stand corrected . ps i contacted imsi and they say the cd 's were mislabelled , there is no haitian creole on the cd , despite the fact that it is listed on the cover
health pos 665.txt this product is simply phenomenal . i 've seen better results using this than with department store brands
dvd pos 50.txt the direction of this film is excellent . i love all the characters and the way they interact . the storyline is very important also . it 's about religious beliefs and neighbors that interact with each other . it 's a well-paced and interesting story that 's not like anything else i 've ever seen .
books pos 189.txt reinventing the bazaar used real-life examples to make markets understandable to any reader . from pharmaceutical companies to the tokyo fish market , mcmillan brings markets alive right in front of the readers ' eyes . he attempts to demystify the mystery behind markets , and in my opinion , he succeeds . each chapter presents a new market setting which mcmillan uses to illustrate his various points . while the book has an economic undertone , the level of writing is not above the understanding of even a high school student . all terminology is explained not only with words , but with examples , as well . the book was enjoyable , especially if you have little familiarity with various market settings . however , i would encourage anyone to read this book because even the experts on markets will have their knowledge enriched by this book
software pos 318.txt i remember the first time i used wordperfect , and the first time i used microsoft word . i could n't imagine why anyone would choose the vastly inferior word over wordperfect . years passed , and now i find myself using ms word every day . i 'd been ground down by the thousands of word users who 'd picked it up along with powerpoint and excel , and who did n't have enough savvy to know how to convert documents from one format to another . wordperfect _always_ converted msword docs . msword never reciprocated . should n't that have told them which program had a mandate to make the customer 's life that much easier ? with each successive iteration , wordperfect introduced some new innovation , and in the next incarnation , microsoft aped it . it got to the point where users would nod appreciatively at the innovation , then wait the inevitable year-long interval for microsoft to catch up , and then they 'd buy that . well , due to an outrageously fair price point and multiuser license , i tried wordperfect x3 , and it was like coming home . it 's nothing short of amazing . i went out and bought a copy for my parents , and they love it , too . now my brother , an attorney , has asked me to buy him a copy , since so many of the federal prosecutors he works with have wordperfect only , and ca n't seem to open his word files . the more things change , the more they stay the same
books pos 182.txt this is a great beginner 's guide to home buying . the advice is straightforward and the explanations are easy to understand . buying a home is a scary and daunting prospect for me . i kept getting a lot of conflicting advice from relatives , friends , and coworkers on when to buy , what to buy , and how to buy . this is very frustrating as everyone means well , but what worked for them might not apply to me . and do n't bother asking a realtor or mortgage company if you should buy- -they make their living on our decisions to buy ! so i bought home buying for dummies to learn more , and it has a lot of sound and thoughtful guidance to help decide when and how much to buy.. . and also how to find a good home , and then negotiate with the realtors , the sellers , the mortgage companies , and everyone else that is sticking their hands in your wallet . the author 's advice is realistic , and he points out the pitfalls of jumping in and what trouble you can get into with the different loan options out there
software neg 653.txt slowed a new system down too much when running in backgroud . went back to free verison
music pos 335.txt this was the second tribe album i bought i was gonna get this cd before i got the low end theory but they did n't have it at the best buy i went to . i like this cd a lot but i like midnight mauraders more because phife got some more rap time and i like phife a little more than tip . most people like tip more but i like phifes style a lot . all like all the songs but the most is luck of lucein , afterhours , foot prints , i left my wallet in el segundo , bonita applebum , can i kick it , rhythm , go ahead in the rain , and description of a fool . man i pratically like all the tracks but the most remeberable . i wish they were still going to make another cd but its just tip coming out with another solo cd . the only complaint is that phife was only in a couple songs . this is one of my favorite rap albums with the jazz and r and b mix with the lyrics which makes this a absoulte must have for any hip hop fan is part of the tribe classics .
dvd pos 618.txt simply the most classic surf video ever ! certainly a " must have " for any respectful surfe
books pos 994.txt horror master arthur machen 's crowning achievement , a still shocking compendium of interwoven short horror tales . in late 19th century london , a scientist and an unpublished writer join forces as amateur detectives in an attempt to solve a minor but puzzling mystery which ultimately leads to the discovery of a truly diabolical conspiracy . in the course of their investigations , the two men find themselves repeatedly surrendering their attention to a series of seemingly outlandish tales spun by an assortment of eccentric story tellers . the stories , which all deal with imposture of some kind , are only tangentially related to each other , yet offer the somewhat bumbling sleuths important clues to the mystery at hand . machen builds suspense slowly and methodically , masterfully leading the reader on to a completely unexpected , gruesome climax . comical , tragic , sophisticated , violent , horrific , and even downright disgusting , the three impostors is a classic horror novel of sly deception and wit . the 1995 everyman paperback is the only critical edition of this remarkably rich book released to date , offering a scholarly introduction ( by editor david trotter ) that carefully details machen 's main influences ( chiefly robert louis stevenson ) and themes ( imposture of various kinds , also derived from stevenson ) . a short text summary nicely encapsulates the narrative 's various twists and turns . finally , a section entitled " machen and his critics " provides a welcome offering of mostly contemporaneous critical responses to this remarkable book ; while many of these reviews were laudatory , quite a few passionately outraged quotes reveal just how shocking the three impostors must truly have been in its time
health neg 597.txt when i ordered this item , i assumed that the flosser attachment would be some sort of gadget to which you would add new dental floss at each use . actually , each flosser is a plastic prong with pre-strung floss in it , to be used once and discarded . let me see : a million conscientious users floss daily and you have 365 , 000 , 000 plastic doodads added to the world 's landfills every year . i already compromise my principles for convenience more than i 'd like to admit . this is totally over the top . when i 've used up my supply of flossers , out this thing goes . it goes into the landfill , to be sure . so do n't anyone else make my mistake
software pos 910.txt my kids ( 6 and 8 ) are learning so much from fritz and chesster 2 ! ! in fact , my 6 year old daughter started winning a few games at their local chess club after graduating to this game ( from fritz and chesster 1 ) . today i decided to play with them ( since they do n't like to play against each other - they 're still working on that " good sportsmanship " thing ) , and i let them team up against me . i was viewing this as an opportunity to help them think ahead , predict moves , and protect their pieces . however , i was the one who learned ! ! they surprised me again and again by reciting strategies ( move your bishops and knights out , save your queen for the real battle , do n't move your pawns willy nilly , break your oponnent 's wall , etc.. . ) they had learned from this game . they also knew the relative value of the pieces , but could see advantages to making uneven swaps sometimes . for example , they shocked me by sacrificing a bishop for a pawn in order to open a hole in my wall , which they later exploited to checkmate my king . this was a strategy that even 1 month ago would have been unthinkable to them . anyway , i defer to other more experienced chess players and computer users who have made specific comments about graphics , dialogue , and strategies . i am sure that at some point , my kids will move beyond this game and what it has to offer . but for now i could n't be happier with the chesster and fritz games ! my kids absolutely love playing the computer games and are really learning to play chess - and not just " computer chess " , but chess that lets them beat other kids at chess club - not to mention me . i think i 'm going to go demand a rematch : )
camera neg 680.txt i used this camera once and have no good photos to show for it . it took 5 frames then skipped several and took 2 more , then nothing for the rest of the roll . we swam with sharks and i have nothing to show for it . should have bought a disposable one
health pos 991.txt after 3 months use , i 'm buying two more of these for my daughters . the unit is compact , very sturdy , virtually silent , and puts out plenty of mist even on the low setting . the small tank is light and easy to fill , even in a bathroom sink ( many people really have to wrestle with those one gallon tanks ) yet it easilly lasts through an 8 hour work day or nights sleep . the key feature is that it is small and quiet . that means it can be near you on a desk top or night table . having the mist nearer to you and less in the ambient air means less will condense on cold windows ( and cause mildew ) . it also means you can use the low setting which makes the small tank last longer and reduces any risk of vapor droplets settling to the table top . if you want to use the high setting , put the unit on top of a book shelf , dresser or file cabnit to allow a longer path for the mist to settle . this is small and light enough to take on the road to dry hotel rooms . one daughter wants one for her dorm room , which is overheated . the unit is easily moved from bedroom to den or wherever you locate during the day . you would not find this convenient with large ( gallon ) humidifiers . this unit is also inexpensive , at around $30 which is half the cost of many larger models ( so you can get two ) . after using several evaporative humidifiers , i love not spending $6 - $9 a month for paper replacement wicks . overall , i am delighted with the unit . the only criticsm is the blue led is too bright in a dark room . this is easily dimmed by putting a piece of masking or adhesive tape over it . the light is helpful to avoid bumping the unit if you reach for the phone or a tissue in the dark of night . it also lights up the mist so you know there is still water in the chamber . highly recommended .
health neg 63.txt i am a 20 year user of several remington products , but i must admit they missed the mark in improving this shaver . the remington es-1000 utra smooth bump control shaver was designed to replace the original ( bms ) black man 's shaver which was discountinued several years ago . i recently purchased and used the es-1000 and was quite disappointed with its performance . the es-1000 performed so poorly that i had to use my bms that i had purchase 20 years ago to remove facial hair the es-1000 shaver could not and did not remove . the product should be called " ultra poor with a sandpaper finish . " the product needs to be put to death by using an ultra smooth bullet . for anyone with curly hair problems , you may want to consider comparing this product against the wahl 5-star series , model # 8061. i think you will find there is a major difference in the products
books neg 838.txt this book is very dissapointing . sure , this book is full of information , but does not know how to teach . this book is not completely written in step by step method . before you actually start touch your project , you are fed up with information . i even found a couple of mistakes in earlier chapter . dvd comes with this book , but this dvd is not a lesson project like apple pro training series . not useful . if you are beginner and start studying dvd studio pro 4 , do n't by this book ! you 're going to waste your money . buy the one from apple pro training series , which is much better , easy to understand .
music pos 185.txt ( in reference to another review ) - the symbol on the cover of still is the factory records logo , joy division 's record label . since i 'm in the area... . i 've owned this album for about 15 years and it still sounds , in parts , as solid as anything joy division ever did . some of the live stuff is so-so but studio tracks like the kill , dead souls , exercise one , they walked in line and something must break are damn near worth the price of admission alone . if you already like joy division , thereby showing good taste , this is a great album . if you find yourself slowly descending beneath the black cloud of depression , unknown pleasures should fit . if you have been there and find yourself wanting out , closer is the soundtrack . this album is more varied in mood , for established fans and safer for household pets
camera pos 41.txt this is an excellent battery that powers my canon 5d camera very well . although i have n't tested it against the spec for how many shots i can get from it , i 've been very impressed with the longevity of it 's charge
books neg 1000.txt " the burning " was a big letdown after reading bentley little 's masterful book , " dispatch " . i seriously considered that this book might be written by someone else while bentley was ill and could n't write . who knows . i love this guy and ca n't tell you how disappointed i was . while one of the top 5 horror writers working today , bentley little seems to be hit or miss with his stories . i simply just did not enjoy reading this new release . it seemed that he was throwing way too much random horror at the reader and hoping some of it would stick . and , with everything he was trying to do , none of it - not one moment - was scary ! shadow creatures performing random oral sex , creeping fungus , talking voices in the microwave , deformed goblins peering in windows , skeletons climbing out of mud pits , tunnels filled with moving corpses , and a runaway ghost train crashing into the white house was just too silly . it reminded me of his previous work , " the return " , another disappointment containing silly , bizarre , and unrealistic situations . the scenes of horror during the first third of the book were described during the daytime hours and lost its scare value , suspense , and atmospheric quality . the book had many problems that pulled me out of the story . one of those problems was how ridiculous it was that the police would allow a field trip to a tunnel of bodies that had just been discovered earlier that same day . bentley needs to do what he does best , which is to come up with a gimmick , focus everything on that single idea , and continue to build suspense around it using his original and obsessed style of storytelling . it worked with " the store " , " the association " , " the policy " , and " dispatch " , just to name a few . let 's hope he gets back on track with his next book .
music neg 193.txt a lot of people are saying that this album is better than their 1st one . that 's not saying much because their 1st album was terrible . there was only one direction they could go - - up . it 's hard to imagine them doing worse than their first lp . i said this about the young , fly , & flashy album , and the same applies here , so i 'll say it again : when the hottest line on your entire album comes from bow wow , your album is in serious trouble . but let me balance that statement though . this is n't exactly one of those album you buy when you want lyrical gymnastics . this is simple , bass heavy , crunk music . it 's effective in it 's purpose , but it 's totally generic ( the recipe for most party songs ) . and some of these songs are just flat out horrible . " stop callin ' me " is n't only horrible , but it is n't about anything if you 're paying attention to the wack lyrics dfb put on it ( and whoever wrote the hook should be slapped ) . and who 's idea was it to let dame dash ( yeah , that dame dash ) scream all over a song ( bricks 4 the high ) ? i want to know who the guy was that said " yeah , that 's a good idea " . dame is doing what he does best , so he 's not at fault.....i blame the idiot that put him on the song . " suckas come and try me " is probably the worst song to come out of the south since drama dropped his album . and if you ask me , the " white tee " remix was a step backward from the original . it would help if they could talk about something other than " haters " , postin ' up on the block ( i swear they say that on the album at least 100 times ) , rims , jewelry , and weed . but expecting them to change up their sound would be silly on my part i guess . besides , if people buy this , why should they change ? that 's another story though . in short , the album fails to seperate dfb from the pack . the beats are generic and the rhymes are terrible ( " i 'll make you 1 2 step like ciara " ? come on , i could write that in my sleep ) and it 's hard to tell if there are four rappers or just one because they all sound similar . once you understand the purpose of this album though , then you can find a few decent tracks , but do n't go getting your hopes up just yet . there are only 3 or 4 songs worth hearing . " my music " is listenable and dfbs put down some decent lyrics that are helped out by bun b 's good appearance . the best beats on the album are on " do n't play with me " feat . three six mafia and " freaky as she wanna be " . " do n't play with me " features production from dj paul & juicy j , so you know it 's tight . i love three six , so that 's my favorite song on the album . and " freaky as she wanna be " will be the second single off the album if they 're smart . on top of our game is good for what it 's supposed to be good for ( partying and....well , that 's it ) , but not much else . jermaine dupri is trying his best to keep his label relevant , but i do n't know if this approach is gonna help him any . this album is better than their debut , but that 's not really saying much . this should be pretty obvious , but i 'll say it anyway . if you 're into lyrics , then this is n't for you . if you want crunk beats to bounce to , then this is right up your alley . it depends on your preference , but this listener has heard better crunk music and recommends passing on this one . standout tracks : freaky as she wanna be , i think they like me ( remix ) feat . jd , da brat , & bow wow , do n't play wit me feat . three six mafia ( my favorite ) , and my music feat . bun b .
software neg 886.txt be careful - if you buy this version of symantec antivirus for handhelds - it will not work with microsoft mobile 2005. supposedly symantec antivirus for handhelds . version 3.5 will work with mobile 2005
camera neg 64.txt after reading the many good reviews here , i too bought the lenmar battery to act as a second battery for my canon digital camera . i was totally pleased with the excellent performance as many others have noted . the only difference i noticed between the lenmar and oem battery was that with lengthy continuous shooting with the lcd screen on the camera case got significantly hotter with the lenmar battery that with the oem . this was not a problem until i was shooting on a 101 degree day ( with the lenmar battery in ) and suddenly the screen went black . i could view previously taken pictures ( lcd ok ) but any new photo i tried to take was black . i read later in the manual the upper operating temperature of the camera is 104 degrees . once the camera cooled it worked again for a while , but the black photo problem continued intermittenly for a few weeks then the camera completely stopped taking photos , no matter what . so , was it the lenmar battery 's extra heat generation pushing the camera over its temperature limit and damaging the circuitry ? would it have happened if the cooler running oem battery was installed on the hot day ? i ca n't say for sure , but if you use a lenmar battery i would be careful about operating it on a very hot 100 degree day ( e.g. use the viewfinder , not the lcd since that generates heat , or turn the camera off a lot to cool down between shots ) .
music pos 401.txt -unique -highly artistic -creative -more credit to drummers -beatifully polishe
software neg 621.txt as everyone else has said , this product is not at all what it should be . it slows down the internet browsing to a crawl ( my laptop that has crashed several times , is several years older and runs wireless loads pages faster than my new computer with mcafee ) . you ca n't close it , as others have said , other than uninstalling . the funniest part i 've found , however , is that it warns you the first time it tries to access . being amused , i refused the program permission to update itself . other than removing the program , it was the best thing i did using mcafee
dvd neg 821.txt i purchased this dvd and i was shocked to see the terrible violence and gore . especially on innocent animals . i would n't recommend this dvd to the faint of heart . especially to persons under 18. this was certainly a bad choice of purchase on my part
music neg 377.txt in answer to a music fan from temple hills , the song was called king holiday by the king dream chorus & amp ; holiday crew . it came out on mercury in 1986 and featured the singers and rappers you mentioned . it made no.30 on the r&amp ; b charts but did n't crossover pop . the lyrics are on the net ( try google ) but i do n't know if the song still is
software pos 605.txt i received this product and have been using it for a couple of weeks . it is exactly as advertised . it is very easy to use and the software is extremely user friendly . i am amazed at the quality of the recordings . i would definately recommend this product
dvd pos 462.txt it 's my first semester teaching a general-student jazz history course , and i wanted something beyond the textbook to get the students involved . i bought this video as a & quot ; best-of-all-options&quot ; choice , and was bowled over by it 's thoroughness and attention to detail . everything we 'd discussed about armstrong during class was there on the tape , reinforcing my lectures and giving the kids a nice opportunity to both hear and see the legendary louis . for pure entertainment alone it was worthwhile , but for instructional purposes i 'd consider it a necessity for any future jazz classes i 'd teach . i paid $16 bucks for it , but having seen it i think i'd 've paid fifty ! ( shh ! do n't tell amazon !
dvd neg 54.txt i would n't recommend this movie , unless you have nothing else to do for the night and want to watch it alone . due to a high content of bad words , screaming and violence , it 's kind of embarrassing watching it with someone else . some people really enjoyed it , and that 's not me , and that 's not the other two people i know who watched it . some violent parts are a bit hard to believe , but i guess that 's what the story is about . this movie is a bit of a hollywood-style suspense , with rather cheesy college scenes that are common to comedies . there 's one good idea in this movie and that 's how life develops as it goes along , and one action or inaction changes how life plays out . but this is no where near original , even the simpsons had an episode like that . so , this movie is definitely not on my best movies list .
camera neg 602.txt after doing a bunch of research , i bought two of these for my teenage kids since they were said not to have the defective sony ccd that late model 2005 point-and-shoots all seem to have had . the first zamera lasted six months before the lcd display began to worsening exhibit dark striations . after a few days of that , the camera dies completely . the second camera made it another two months before falling prey to the same disease . one camera . . . a fluke maybe . but two ? that suggests a real problem so beware .
music neg 955.txt but for " the drugs do n't work , " which is marginal at best , this album is boring...cookie-cutter , nothing original
camera pos 417.txt i bought this for my new hdv fx1 camcorder , and it works great . unlike the century wide-angle lens , this is fully zoom-through . lens is .8x , which is less than the century and others , but just about right for hd- -since the fx1 already can do a pretty decent wide shot when the zoom is fully backed out , this just gives it an extra boost , converting the camera view from roughly a 35mm lens on a 35mm camera to about a 28mm . also , very little barrel distortion . in all a great lens . only drawback is that it 's a big ( heavy ) lens , but then , hey , it 's for a serious prosumer camcorder
camera neg 967.txt there is currently a known issue with many of the sony camcorders . this is being called the " black screen of death " . what happens is that the camera works great for 1-2 years then the ccd goes out like a light . the camera will not take video again . sony is evasive if not downright deceitful about this issue when you call tech support . the fact is sony does not stand behind their product . if this happens to you , sony will not own the defect and you will be out hundreds of dollars . there is a lengthy thread on cnet on this issue . search for sony black screen . wishing you luck in the purchase of your ( not sony ) video camera , scot
dvd neg 900.txt movie boring.. . story drags.. . barely any action.. . if story drags should have atleast good story to keep interest but it had nothing.. . booo
music pos 348.txt wonderful cd the music brings back a lot of childhood memories ! a must have for those who are looking for a cd that includes neil diamond 's top hits .
health pos 150.txt i love this product . its the first one i 've found where i can practically have wash and go curly hair . just put work it through damp hair and let it air dry or twist around fingers for defined curls
camera pos 607.txt having just gone back to using a film camera from digital ( my wife still uses digital ) i have found this to be an excellant camera so far . i have taken 6 rolls of film and everyone one has came out perfect . i would recommend it
software neg 514.txt i 've been running spyware doctor for 4 years , and was having problems with v4 using massive amounts of memory . so i followed advice from the pc tools homepage and loaded v5- -big mistake ! since installing the new version and downloading the updates ( a bad experience in itself , filled with ominous error messages from windows ) , i 've had to reload the code , reboot numerous times , had 2 windows crashes and if the onguard facility is left running spyware doctor consumes 98% cpu for 5 minutes on every screen scroll done reading html text on a site identified as trusted . oh and the company quietly changed it 's policy and has hijacked my credit card information in order to automatically renew registration . i wo n't be running any more pc tools products
camera pos 649.txt this case is so well made , and just the right size to give the canon elura , a nice snug paddeded cushioned fit . plus secondary compartments for all the accessiories that you need to carry for your video photography...... .
music pos 866.txt sensational is a word i 'd use to describe singer jesse mccartney . good looks and powerful vocals . he 's talented and sweet . if you have n't gotten a copy of his latest cd ' right where you want me ' , buy it today
health neg 684.txt this product is called a " bouffant style oversized " shower cap . it is so small that it would not fit over my wife 's head . the product features list claims it is made of " soft , pretty fabric . " in fact it is made of thin , crunchy plastic . it is so poorly made that the stiching is crooked , overlaps and has threads hanging in several places . this shower cap went directly in the garbage
camera neg 464.txt this scope is not a good starter scope for anyone interested in astronomy . here 's why : 1. the objective is too small , only 60 mm , 2.36 inches , so it is too small to bring in the light necessary for even a beginning look at the universe . i suppose it is adequate for the moon , but that is it . the planets will appear as very small disks . one will be able to see saturn 's rings , but the image will be very small . forget it for deep sky objects , clusters , galaxies , etc. 2. the mount is an altazimuth , which will not follow the celestial object in the sky . the earth is rotating , and anyone focusing on a star or moon will quickly find the object drifting out of the field of vision . a better mount is an equatorial mount which makes it much easier to track objects . 3. the 4mm eyepiece is too powerful for this scope . the observer will find it hard to look through ( very small eye opening ) , and will in most cases cause blurred images . the 20 mm eyepiece is the only functional eyepiece . the barlow is a 3x , which again is too poweerful for this scope . 4. the mount will vibrate when touched , which will cause the image in the eyepiece to " shiver " , which is very frustrating . even for the low price , do n't be enticed by this scope ; it has too many flaws . save your money for a larger scope with a better mount . jim " konedog " koenig , astronomy buf
dvd pos 750.txt let 's face it , tinseltown has run out of original story lines . that 's usually when they turn to remakes . i 've seen several remakes over the years , both tv and movie , but this is one of the best remakes i 've seen in quite some time . i really enjoyed how they expanded on the original story line . what a lot of people need to understand is that this movie had nothing to do with the tv show and pulled all of it 's story from the comic book . if you were never into comics to begin with then you ca n't appreciate the story line . another thing that i feel is under appreciated about this movie is the cgi . people have to understand that if they got some body builder and slapped green paint on him than the movie would have been a complete waste of time ! the amount of man hours that went in to creating the cgi is something to be applauded and appreciated , not mocked and thrown out with the trash . you have to appreciate the movie for the story line and its artistic value . most people were upset with this movie because they thought it was too slow and it should have been more fun and had a lot more action in it . the story of the hulk is a sad , depressing , dramatic story ! there is n't anything funny about being zapped with radiation and transforming into a mindless brute evertime you get ticked off about something . the hulk was n't meant to be campy , it was meant to be serious . my only gripe about this movie is that they could have picked a better actress to play banner 's love interest . the little amount of screen time she was given was completely wasted
books neg 517.txt there are plenty of math manipulatives besides a brand-name chocolate for children to use to have fun solving math problems . how about carrot or celery sticks that they can dip in nutritious yougurt ? m & ms have their own math book too . why hook children on this commercialism when there are so many healthy alternatives
health neg 580.txt this protien works well to curb my appitite for hours on end , but it has a horrible taste and texture . the closest thing i can relate it to is chocolate-burned egg tasting boogers . i would not purchase this product again . i would , however , purchase from the vender again because it is not their fault that this protien tastes so bad
books pos 811.txt this book was the first one i ever read about programming . it launched a whole new world of logical and complex thinking that i could never have understood without the magnificent touch that the author gives us . he applies very simple examples to explain very complex matters about programming instances adding humor and intelligence.. . what else would you want ? it 's simply excellent . 110% recommended .
books neg 600.txt this book gave me insight into german culture . it is no wonder there was a holocaust with children 's books like these . max and moritz are adventurous children and they are caught . being caught is n't enough . they are ground in a flour mill for punishment . not even that suits the miller . he feeds their remains to the ducks . it instantly reminded me of concentration camp victims being cremated and then turned into soap . this story will forever give nightmares
camera pos 430.txt i can not find anything negative to say about this camera . i wanted a small pocket sized camera a tried brands such as casio 's exislim . even though this camera is not as small as the casio , it is far superior of a camera . size why 's , it is still small enough to fit in a pocket but is also big enough so that it is n't awkward or difficult to use . the pictures from this camera turn out spectacular , the 10x zoom is by far the best feauture of this camera . the lcd screen is also very clear , unlike the casio and other camera 's similar to this one . you ca n't go wrong with this camera . highly recommended
dvd neg 192.txt as the other reviewers make clear , this is a disturbing film in that the college girl forced into prostitution ends up by developing feelings for the man who " ruined " her . so you may immediately assume that the director has a deeper comment to make beyond this trite observation . problem is , having just watched the movie , i am not convinced there is anything below the surface . prostitution is a fact of life in asian cities , the theme of women overcome by their desires and in thrall to strong men a common one , and i searched in vain for any subversion of or challenge to that fantasy ( as fantasy it is ) . is this any more than a homage to the inutility of futility ? not that i can see
books neg 695.txt i started reading this book hoping for the best . in turn , i found that my hopes were n't fulfilled . the beginning half was intriguing and kept me wanting more . after the tone changed , the book became bitter and boring . the characters lost their flare , and the whole book lost personality . the book became dull and lost appeal to me . the book 's writing style , in the beginning , was original and fun . following the death of little red the book slowly fell apart , leaving me tempted to stop reading the book . if someone asked me to recommend a good book , this would not be the one
camera neg 944.txt bought the camera on a recommendation , and also what looked like good specs on the web . owned it for less than two weeks when the lcd screen cracked ( below the surface of the protective cover ) . turns out this is a very common problem with these cameras . panasonic will not warranty fix this ! if you do get one , or own one , be very careful not to use the left nav button . if you do , be very careful on the pressure you apply . this is the camera 's glass jaw , and you might end up " bricking " a brand new camera . i am replacing mine with a canon
software pos 556.txt product has a nice clean interface . i was able to load most drivers and application software without incident . note - upgrade install requirements are not clear . microsoft should state what is expected on your system prior to trying to install either as an upgrade or clean install . microsoft sites keep pointing back to sites that do n't help very much .
software pos 94.txt i was waiting for cs2 after using the cs . there are too many problems in cs . and i am very happy with cs2 now . the software is a lot easier to use , less problems . i have been using illustrator since illustrator 4. cs2 is definitly better than ever !
music neg 703.txt triple h ( as fed up ) : i love britney , she is so pretty and nice and so on . shawn michaels ( as hellraiser ) : anyone who hates her are just jealous ! triple h : well , we got some news , britney is nothing but an ugly redneck piece of trailer trash . shawn michaels : this no-talent hack is a washed up skank whose career sank . triple h : this chick is a skank , unlike my wife stephanie mcmahon who looked good whilst carrying my first child ( i just had a daughter ) . shawn michaels : britard on the other hand is one ugly airbrushed , lying hypocrite . d-generation x says if you are not down with dx and you choose to be down with britney and her blind sheep fans , we got two words for ya ( crowd yells s*ck it )
dvd neg 639.txt is larry an actual redneck , or is it all really a joke inside " larry 's " mind ? i sometimes think that dan whitney ( larry 's real name ) knows what he 's doing . i think he is actually making a huge joke out of the rednecks who are totally in love with him . he is openly mocking them , and when they might get a tad uncomfortable , but then he 'll drop a politically incorrect joke into the routine , and they love him again . dan / larry started out as a " normal " comedian ( there 's footage of him on youtube before his larry incarnation ) , and was n't really getting anywhere with that . so he became a redneck , and is a multi-millionare now . but all his redneck fans think of larry as a " regular guy " , despite the fact that larry lives in one of those fancy houses that rednecks think only nycers live in ( for the record , nycers do n't all live in fancy houses . there 's a lot of working class people in nyc who live in regular houses and regular apartments ) . so larry is taking advantage of illiterate , easily amused rednecks . just put on a flannel shirt , fart , wear a confederate flag , and say you hate liberals , then fleece the rednecks ! i do n't think larry really has a redneck mentality ( even though he 's originally from nebraska , so he has some hillbilly cred , so to speak ) . i think he 's just making a ton of money off of easily amused people .
books neg 715.txt i can tell you first hand how amazon makes easy money . i am a formal seller here at amazon . not a big seller , but an honest one with a 5 star rating and zero claims.however amazon allows dishonest buyer 's to do chargebacks months after a purchase and then has nothing in place to assist seller 's in getting their merchandise back . sounds like retail fraud to me ! ! i wish there was a lower rating to give to this website.they are truly at the bottom !
dvd pos 501.txt i bought this as a christmas gift for someone . it came in the mail very quickly , i had no problems with it , and the person i gave it to loved it
dvd neg 674.txt the film seems to focus on 70 's punk exclusively . anything post-1980 is glossed over , clumped together and generally viewed with dissapointment by this " documentary " . i think the film does well documenting the roots of punk , seeing as how letts was steeped in the scene at that time ( although the misfits were n't mentioned , which i found odd ) . the interviews with henry rollins and jello biafra were great as well . however , in order to claim to be a documentary , the evolution of punk rock is just as integral ( perhaps more so ) as its origins . i think , basically , letts based the film on his own opinions , likes and dislikes instead of actually documenting punk . i was disapointed .
camera pos 84.txt i bought this hood after reading elsewhere that it fits the 50mm f / 1.8 mark i ( the version with the metal mount and distance scale ) that i purchased recently . canon specs the discontinued es-65 hood for this lens . the great thing about this et-65iii is that it is longer , so it blocks more stray light without vignetting on full-frame or 1 / 6-frame slrs . the interior on this mark iii version is also flocked , providing a bit more light absorption . i 've used those collapsible rubber hoods before while in college , but this hood is definitely worth the investment : well built , fits backward on the lens for storage ( but too long while the lens is on the camera ) , and provides good protection for the front of the lens ( it 's quite deep ) . note that this will not fit the newer 50mm f / 1.8 mark ii version ( all plastic mount with no distance scale )
books neg 693.txt ernest hemingway dies on page 161 of this 300-page book and so does author valerie hemingway 's story . for that reason this book merits only two stars . early in her story of meeting hemingway in spain in 1959 at age 19 , valerie is aware of the author 's magnetic and dominant personality , " around him everything came to life....there was an urgency and vitality that...did not ebb . " when she stays focused on the story of ernest hemingway , this is an endearing look at the older , struggling hemingway finding temporary renewal in the freshness of an innocent irish girl who entered his life during the final drafts of " a moveable feast . " but the youthful time spent with the famous writer works against this memoir since she was clearly neither as dedicated a correspondent or note taker as her subject . as a result , her recollections are thin and easily available in other sources such as a . e . hotchner 's " papa hemingway . " the two years she spent living and traveling with hemingway through spain , paris , key west , cuba , and america , share as much space as her weird marriage with hemingway 's strange son , gregory ( apparently the other " bull " referred to in the title ) . it shows the continuing vitality of ernest hemingway - even in death and over 40 years later - that a valerie hemingway can find a book deal for her meager remembrances of such a great man
music pos 151.txt when i first purchase this album the first time . it was exceptional then and it still is . exceptional and gifted group these ladies rule the early 90's . some of my favorites free your mind , my lovin , it ai n't over till the fat lady sings , just to name a few . envogues voices all of them work masterfully together they way a head of their time . as far as female groups they rank 5 stars in my book following such groups as supremes , labelle , tlc the had allot orginiality and appeal that drew people to them because of the voices and their orignal material . they are trendsetters . please go buy this cd . i will buy it again myself . i have the cassette . i need the cd for my collection . i know they came out with a new album hopefully this will be a great album as well . go envogue g
music pos 293.txt if you do not own this album you must get your hand on a copy . it is the best debut album since definatly mayby . tracks like & quot ; golden touch&quot ; & quot ; v.i.c.e&quot ; well lets just say every song on the album is a bonnifide hit including the banging&quot ; stumbble and fall&quot ; which will have you tapping your toes from the first 2 seconds . if you like the libretines or the others or are just looking for a solid cd this is a must have
camera neg 288.txt it was not all there the part to put the camera on did not come and i need that to put the camera on so please it for a c875 camera please think you w.b
music neg 940.txt i bought this cd for " hole in the earth " , a very dynamic , driving and quasi-psychedelic rocker , and mostly got what i expected - more of the same along a continuum , sometimes pushing their envelope in either direction , as i expected . and then i came upon " pink cellphone " , a rotten apple if there ever was one . this vile little stinker is as if one of the band 's groupies wandered into the control room in a methamphetamine haze , defecated on the mixing board , and then described her experience , in no uncertain terms , into an answering machine . if there was ever a reason to switch from buying an artist 's complete cds to just purchasing individual tracks off of the web , this is it . congratulations , guys , you have not only lodged a very descriptive and literally filthy image into my head , but convinced me , and i 'd wager , many listeners , that our faith is ill placed with the musical choices that pop musicians make when assembling their " b " sides . to say nothing of the bad taste and lack of respect for your audience that this demonstrates . someone should wash the deftones ' mouths out with a bar of soap - maybe a few bars .
books pos 144.txt stephen king has written another attention grabber . i read , and listened , as i have both the paperback and the audio book . i found this book great , as it follows both the imaginary and the real sides of life . i found that as i read the book , i really would like to visit the library that is described in the book . this book follows down a strange path , emerging in what could almost be explained as a real story of fact in the past . i recommend this novel , and the audio book as the narrator does a great job , it will not dissapoint as & quot ; everything 's eventual&quot ; did , in my opinion . good luck and good reading ! ( note : the audio version of this book is narrated by frank muller . anyone who has listened to stephen king audio books has sure to have been wowwed by frank muller . in this audio book recording , frank muller 's voice is almost unrecognizable and amazing as he plays this roll . frank muller and audio books are truly like movies for your mind )
books neg 370.txt i see where this would be appealing to sum . i just never " got it " . oh well .
dvd pos 577.txt although tomorrow is yesterday is an okay episode , it is not one to rave about.it is certainly not one of the original series ' best . however , return of the archons is one of the best and one of my favourites.kirk , spock and mccoy investigate a planet where the inhabitants appear to be in a drug-induced state then rapidly change from walking peacefully and amiably along the streets into violent and looting maniacs that seem to lose all inhibitions . a mob attacks kirk and crew and they are forced to defend themselves with their phasers . it seems the planet is run by a man named landru , who advocates peace and tranquility to the extent that you get " absorbed " .a kind of brainwash conditioning into thinking only of harmony and serenity.later it is discovered that landru is a computor projection ; the edict of landru who died 5 , 000 years ago has been continued by a computer i just read a review saying the solution to the landru mystery wo n't surprise anyone , it sure surprised me . i did n't see that one coming
health pos 528.txt i have seen these in catalogs before & did n't give them a second thought . then one day when i was cleaning under & around all of my shampoo bottles , etc in the shower , it hit me that one of these might just consolidate all the shampoos / conditions & body wash that i have collected in my shower . so , i ordered one a higher price & i am so thrilled that i am ordering one for the kids ' bathroom where i had hubby put in an extra shelf just to hold all the shampoos etc. now it will all be in one place , not messy & out of the reach of my toddler ! the other thing that i have noticed is that i do n't use nearly as much shampoo as i did before - i get a few squirts & if that is n't enough , i get more - no more dumping a handfull of shampoo in my hand . i know i use far less shampoo than i did before i had this so i am no longer wasting it ! this is just the greatest concept & this product is very easy to keep clean & it works & looks great in the shower . i would recommend this product to anyone ! & if you do n't think you will fill up all four sections - get a smaller one but i found the 4 section one is just what i needed ; one for clarifying shampoo , one for conditioning shampoo , one for conditioner & one for body wash . no more bars or shampoos cluttering my bathroom
dvd pos 408.txt ohm.. . ohm.. . ohm.. . back in 2000 , ellipsis arts released ohm : the early gurus of electronic music , a fantastic and essential three cd set tracing the evolution of " electronica " from messiaen , cage , and xenakis to schulze , eno , and hassell . this set was recently reissued ( as ohm+ ) along with a bonus dvd , which is thankfully now available separately for those of us who already have the cds . the ohm+ dvd is jam-packed with over two hours of archival and more recent footage that runs the gamut from engrossing to mildly interesting to unwatchably dull . if seemingly endless " talking head " interviews with milton babbitt and bebe barron are your idea of video entertainment , you 've come to the right place . an interview with john cage digitally altered beyond all recognition ? check . swirling psychadelic colored dyes right out of a saucerful of secrets-era pink floyd concert ? no problem . there are some tastier goodies to be found on this dvd , however.. . the segments with clara rockmore and leon theremin have an appealingly amateurish home movie quality to them . it 's also a real treat to see the 1978 footage of underappreciated minimalist guru david borden and mother mallard 's portable masterpiece company " on the road " hauling around their truckload of big old analog synthesizer equipment . laurie spiegel is fun to watch as she tinkers with a big grey metal box called a " concerto generator " with an extremely serious expression on her face . and alvin lucier 's " music for solo performer , " where he hooks up wires to his head and produces sounds using his brainwaves and two tympani , simply must be seen to be believed . the pixar-ish computer animation accompanying paul lansky 's " the dust bunny " is sort of cute , but it goes on for about 10 minutes too long . surely most of the ohm target audience already has the dvd of steve reich 's three tales , but it 's nice that they included the best part - the ominous yet goofy " dolly " segment . many have also probably seen hans fjellestad 's documentary moog before , but the six minute excerpt provided here is really about all you need . it 's too bad there is n't a more interesting john cage segment , and regrettable that there are n't any stockhausen videos ( those would certainly be a riot ! ) overall , though , while the ohm+ dvd is not as consistently engaging as the cd set of the same name , it is a worthy companion to it . and if you do n't have either of them yet , the complete ohm+ 3-cd & dvd " special edition " box set is a no-brainer
health pos 950.txt these hair brushes were the rage when i was in junior high . i have had one since then . it is a great brush and lasts forever . worth the price
health pos 284.txt i bought this item last month from amazon.com for $149. i thought it is using some kind of hand-like massage motors , and not those vibration motors . when the item arrived and i setup , i found out they are using the vibration motors ! a little disappointed i am . but i use it , it is not bad if you do n't mind the vibration motors . the heat feature is great . however , the knod that is supposed to hold the sitting position is n't holding well . the leather-like material really feels like a lether . the vibration really vibrates the whole floor , so i suggest to put on carpetted areas only . i personally like the hand-like massage chair better . but this $149 chair is worth the price . others would sell for over $300
books neg 795.txt waller should win an award for the most times reprocessing the same book and making money from it . come on . show some imagination
health pos 401.txt the shaver was very good . it gives a very close shave . not only do i shave my face but i also shave my head . it feels like i use a normal shaver after i am done . my nly advice is to empty the hair out between every shave . it seems to give a better shave this wa
software pos 679.txt over all i am very happy with the product . it has paid for itself in this short time by just making happy birthday cards . i am not totally happy with the product and i am not sure if i would buy it again . the product is well worth the money you are paying but their is a few things which i am not happy about : 1. even though the product gives you cd 's which contain art and project models their is more art and projects on the internet . to access these art and projects you need to go on the internet which is not a problem . what is a problem is that if you want to get on this site and a lot of other people are on the site already you may not be able to get on the site . if you cannot get on the site you cannot finish your project . you will have to put it away until some other time when you can get on the site . this is frustrating and annoying . it makes you want to take the entire program and through it out the window and buy another brand . 2. the other thing i was not happy about was , i was given a coupon , in the box , for a 1 year membership to the " million image club " to get into this club you have to fill out some paperwork and submit it on the internet . after it is reviewed you are then sent a pass word , over the internet , that allows you to go on the site . well , i filled out all the paperwork , sent it in over the internet , as required , but was not sent a password . well , i tried to find some one to talk to about this but ran into a brick wall after spending a lot of time being directed from one site to another only to end up with no answer to the problem . it seems that broderbund does not control the product but " encore " does . you will receive almost no help at all from " encore " . the only place to get help is from a forum which could n't give a reasonable answer on what i should do . so , i am now not getting access to the " million image club " , to tell you the truth , i do n't really care . when you finally can get on the site you have hundreds of images and models to choose from . you really do n't need a million more .
camera pos 692.txt very well made . once you are holding it you will feel the price was quite low for a product this solid and well designed .
health pos 394.txt i have had this heating pad for several months and have never had a problem with it . it gets very hot / warm very fast and is very comforting . i use it on my neck and shoulders to help relax the muscles that cause some headaches . i would recommend this product to anyone . i 'm purchasing another one for my stepfather as a gift
music neg 467.txt who could like a band like the rolling stones ? they are not the world 's greatest rock band and they never made anything good but start me up and shattered . their new album is the most horrible cd i have ever heard . stay far away from that cd . get anything from the stones that contains start me up or shattered insted .
music neg 332.txt wow ! tom morello , flea , pete yorn , chris cornell , brad wilk , maynard james keenan . when i first heard of this superstar line-up , i was sure that this cd was going to be awesome . i was duped like everyone else who bought this album . axis of justice ( or so cleverly put by a previous reviewer as " axis of jackasses " ) is really a bad album , even for a bunch of political liberal rockers . serj and tom really dropped the ball with this one . what could 've been a festoon of awesomeness turned out to crap-fest of whiny musicians with an equally crappy message . knowledge , the night watchmen , and ahmed ahmed are among the many reasons why this is so bad and incredibly difficult to listen to . the song , " jeffrey , are you listenng ? " is up there with other crappy songs like john mayer 's " city love " and richard harris ' " macarthur park . " on top of all that , the communist entertainer known as michael moore adds his little nugget of wisdom on the dvd , which i can say i 've become dumber now that i 've listened to it . for the love of all good music , stay far away from this cd
software neg 292.txt on install the 1st problem encountered was that it replaced my pictures folder , with another containing only " sample picture " , yep it took out a folder on install with no request or user action to do so . regardless of how it works as an image editor such behaviour precludes its further use . this program seems to be unsupported by microsoft , least their support site wo n't let you mail them on it , so when it does hack up your file structure . so program cost me $15 recovery effort on pictures , over $50. just wonderful .
camera pos 939.txt so far , i really love this camera . it 's very user friendly and gives you the option to put it in a very basic mode or normal mode . what attracted me to purchasing this camera was because of the long battery life and because of the picture quality . it has a large viewing area which is nice and it 's very clear . i recommend this camera
books neg 548.txt imposible to do so with no item received
music pos 209.txt this might be the best cd that has come out this year . it may be will oldham 's best cd since " viva last blues . " it may be better than " viva last blues " although these are two different styled cds . " the letting go " has a mostly very mellow sound . almost every song is beautiful . the string and guitar melodies are uplifting . will oldham 's voice is grounding , it is the familiar voice you have heard for the past decade or so . dawn mccarthy 's voice will then again lift you up . mccarthy 's voice is a fantastic companion to oldham's . other singers / bands have tried to use a female voice to echo or accompany the lead vocal and it has often become irritating . this is not the case with " the letting go , " mccarthy 's accompaniment adds so much to the album but without taking away from oldham . i have n't listened to a will oldham album since " ease down the road . " this makes me want to go back and listen to those albums i have missed . one song in particular , " the seedling " ( i believe ) has a different sound than the rest of the album . it has a harsher sound , but is still a good song . this is a great introduction if you are new to oldham or if you are returning listener .
books neg 218.txt this book is very disappointing , as is most of gunaratna 's work on islamist terrorism . it 's the sort of stuff governments and many of the public want to hear , ie . bin laden and aq are everywhere , responsible for every terrorism attack and all regional terorist groups ( such as ji ) are aq franchises - total bollocks . the book lacks solid and verifiable reserach and is written by a " scholar " who spends most of his time doing alarmist media commentary
software neg 561.txt while there are many benefits to learning vocabulary with this tool , i found it did not help with conversation .
health neg 11.txt i am a 20 year user of several remington products , but i must admit they missed the mark in improving this shaver . the remington es-1000 utra smooth bump control shaver was designed to replace the original ( bms ) black man 's shaver which was discountinued several years ago . i recently purchased and used the es-1000 and was quite disappointed with its performance . the es-1000 performed so poorly that i had to use my bms that i had purchase 20 years ago to remove facial hair the es-1000 shaver could not and did not remove . the product should be called " ultra poor with a sandpaper finish . " the product needs to be put to death by using an ultra smooth bullet . for anyone with curly hair problems , you may want to consider comparing this product against the wahl 5-star series , model # 8061. i think you will find there is a major difference in the products
health neg 550.txt in my experience with this product , i had no significant hair growth . very disappointing for the amount of money you spend on it , and the amount of pills you have to take daily ( ugh ! ) . however , i gave it a two because while it did n't grow my hair , it did change the texture of it . my natural hair is very coarse , and while using the hf37 it became really soft , silky and manageable . nice , if that 's what you 're looking for a hair vitamin to do . but as far as hair growth...absolutely not recommending hf37 for that
dvd neg 898.txt clearly this movie was never intended as high art , or even a zombie gore fest , although hyped as such , so it ` s probably a bit unfair and easy to take shots at it , however i think it fails on it own terms . *** many spoilers to follow *** stop here if you plan to view the entire film . the premise : a group of stupid eco terrorists raid a research facility in london , even though warned by a researcher , release some highly agitated but otherwise normal looking chimps who then attack and infect them with a fast acting ( within seconds ) virus that transforms them into insane , red-eyed murderous really fast creatures who attack and infect other normal humans through bites and even scratches . one drop of their saliva or blood can infect you . the plague is let lose ... the hero : cut to a skinny kid of about 110 pounds with a dopey beard laying naked on a hospital bed , it ` s 28 days later and he wakes up , but no one 's there . he then wanders around an empty london , in hospital scrubs , looking confused , yelling " hello ! ! " , " hello ! ! " there are no bodies outside , and nothing that looks like the remains of one . there are almost 15 million people in metropolitan london . where did they go i asked myself ? the supporting cast : he then wanders into a church , and finds it full of what looks like sleeping people , he yells " hello ! ! " at which time some start screaming and rush at him , in the close-up it ` s clear they have turned and he slugs the creature-priest thing with his bag of coke cans . he gets out , more stuff happens , eventually he meets smart and tough selena ( naomie harris ) armed with a matchete and mark ( noah huntley ) , armed with a steel bar , who have avoided infection and explain the situation to the dim whitted hero , who turns out to be a bicycle messager boy who lives with mum and dad . seems the creatures come out mostly at night . mostly . hero insists on going home , mark & selena tag along . we find his very middle class mum & dad peacefully dead in bed from an overdose of booze and pills . guess they could not live in a world without telly.. . more talk and moaning and tears from hero who very unwisely lights a candle at night which naturally draws an attack by some nasties , more fighting , bad guys are killed by selena and mark while hero cowers on floor . mark gets infected , denies it , but is chopped by selena who " can see it in his eyes " . damm girl ! if i ` m ever in a zombie movie i want you along ! day 2 comes , the pair then wander aimlessly though london chatting away about everything but how to deal with the threat and survival and at this point i start thinking ; wouldn ` t it be a good idea to get some guns ? preferably full auto , with a lot of ammo . i mean , although the creatures are fast , they are stupid , don ` t run in packs and make a lot of noise and can be killed and stay dead . police stations and military bases are all over london , probably deserted , and filled with guns....but this doesn ` t seem to occur to our wandering charactors who trust to a baseball bat & machette which you must get close to use....emmmm . i start squirming a bit in the seat , and for the first time look at my watch , but it ` s still kind of ok . so far , it ` s still a tight , well made interesting film , with the bloody action well filmed and important to the story line , and mostly believeable in it ` s own low buget post apocolypitcal setting with taut dialoge that holds my interest . maybe there a reason the hero is cast as stupid , or will he grow and learn through experience ? , maybe , but it better be soon because we are almost 30 minitues into the film , and it ` s getting real hard to identify with him . or care . the suporting cast 2 : night falls . our pair see flashing lights on the top of a high rise , much action ensues , they find more survivors , just a average working type dad taxi driver and his young daughter . more talk , seems they are out of water and there is a radio broadcast giving direction to go north where the army ( who usually have guns ) has set up a secure area . works for me . after some debate on whether it better to stay where they are , isolated , in fact trapped on top of a building , with no water or power or food or real weapons until overrun by zombies , or travel north to safety , in daylight and safety ( remember , the monsters don ` t operate in daylight ) this group of dopes reluctantaly decide to go north , in a taxi , with no guns. . ( remember rule # 3 of zombie films : gun are good ) ..and at this point in time this heretofore good film starts to move rapidly downhill in believablity . the journey of the dumb : piling into dad ` s hack , loaded with junk as if going on a brighton holiday , with all , even tough selena giggling and laughing , off they go . when faced with the choice of driving through a dark tunnel , where it is obvious that they could be trapped and killed , or another safer route , they naturally chose the tunnel . stuff happens . stopping to get gas , the hero wanders alone into a dark , confined space for no real reason , armed only with a baseball bat . more stuff happens . stopping for the night , they decide that a picturesque , open field with a few low stones is a great spot and preceed to ......you guessed it ! start a really big fire and go to sleep with no one on guard . i ` m not making this up folks. . ! ! nothing happens . however they do get to see a family of white and black horses running free , and it ` s clear that we are no longer watching a horror / action film , with some internal logic but a trite " message film " . they reach the army blockade , but no one is there , in spite of dead everywhere , they proceed to split up and wander around this perfect ambush site for a look see . more stuff happens . after this , the stupid illogical stuff comes fast so this is a good stopping point . at the end we learn from the crazy and sadistic army major ( aren ` t they all though ) that the goon ` s can ` t farm or feed and will likely starve because of it . think about that one . we also learn that the virus is contact borne , not airborne , think hard about that one dudes ! since it started in one local it ` s very unlikly to have spread thoughout england in 28 days....big plot holes , dumb ending , 110 pound stupid hero becomes arnold the terminator in 10 mintues . girls decide it ` s far better to die a gruesom death then put out and lose their honor to what looks like a bunch of boy scouts in cammos , who are their only protection.. . really dumb stuff after an excellent start . sad....this was a really superior film for the first 20 mintues .
music pos 497.txt dope cd..im a huge spice 1 fan..this cd is off da hook...check out immortilized and bossalini cds...those are dope quality cds..i have over 600 hip hop cds in my collection..and i do n't really express my fealings on amazon unless its worth it..i love hip hop till da day i die...and spice 1 is one dope smokin hip hop lyracist...tru dat...plus im from da old school..nwa , pe , rakim , boogie down , naughty by nature ( 1rst cd ) , big daddy kane , old school jazzy jeff and fresh prince , old school ll...naw mean..wor
software neg 640.txt the idea of being notified of every possibly suspicious action sounds good , but in practice zonealarm is too intrusive for most home computer users . it seems to have bugs too , starting with an installation that initially would n't work on one of the computers on my home lan . zonealarm also seems to forget some actions that are allowed and supposedly remembered . i have n't gotten exasperated enough to buy another antivirus product and uninstall zonealarm yet , but i 'm close
music pos 379.txt this soundtrack cd is the perfect compliment to the visionary film- -cater burwells score is a pitch-perfect aural equivocation of the profound sadness and blithe absurdity on display , with his sense of minimalist suggestiveness and rich textural instincts shining bightly.also an added bonus of the above-mentioned dream combination- -bartok 's & quot ; allegro&quot ; ( i know diddly about classical music , but bartok rocks ! ! ) , and a typically great bjork song&quot ; amphibian&quot ; ( in two versions ) , that book-ends the album with an etherial , dream-like haze
camera neg 806.txt if i could , i would give this camcorder a 0 of 5. since i now have to search for a new camcorder , from reading other panasonic model reviews , i am convinced i did not just get a lemon , but the panasonic brand is bad . we bought this camcorder 18 months ago at the birth of our son . it has had problems from the beginning . first , i could not finalize the disk . i called panasonic support , who basically told me the problems we were having were because the camera was not being held still while recording . this is ridiculous since i often set the camera down on a countertop so i can be in the video . then i finally got someone to tell me that i needed to be recording on panasonic mini-dvds . the best it has worked have been on the panasonic dvds which are some of the most expensive , and even that is no guarantee that you will be able to watch the dvd after finalization . i still have freezing of the picture and sparatic playback when trying to watch . it has skipped over whole sections . i have 3 dvd players in my home ( all different brands ) and the disk works on none of them . i finally got an address to send it in for repairs . i was not happy to be without my camcorder for an extended period of time . i was told they would look at the camcorder , see if there was a problem and call me . i waited a week after i knew it was in the shop to check the status . panasonic failed to mention that i would need to pay $207.50 up front for them to look at it , then if any repairs were needed , this cost would cover them as well . so , i have been without a camcorder for 3 weeks while waiting to see if it needed fixing , and the company i sent it to has not even looked at it because i have not paid them ! this is crazy since i can get a brand new minidv camcorder for $225. the only reason it has taken me so long to take drastic action is because we are military living overseas and bought it at best buy . so you see why i could n't just take it back to the store ( or i would have a long time ago ) ! also after spending over $500 on this piece of junk , i could not afford to just replace it . sending it in was not an option when my son was a newborn , because i did n't want to miss any precious memories ( which i ened up missing anyway ! ) . so now the holidays are upon us , and i will be forced to purchase another camcorder , since i do n't know if they will send it back to me in time for christmas . i will not pay the $207.50 for a camera that has n't worked well out of the box . i also had to pay shipping both ways for nothing ! plus another thing , the still picture is bad quality . very grainy and you can actually see pixels when you print it . we only used that function once . i have lost so many disks , and have so many others that only play part of the dvd that when i think of it i cry . i have also wasted so much time trying to figure out how to fix the problem with a customer support that is useless . i wish i would have never bought this camcorder ! if you are buying this camcorder to capture memories , buy another ! i will not buy panasonic products again !
dvd pos 857.txt if you 're looking to hear robert johnson 's songs , you should probably buy one of the awesome collections availible . as this legend and musical genius has now been dead for 65 years , i 'm not sure what the other reviewers were looking for besides other people covering his songs , and talk about his life.. . that 's all we have now . and of course the covers do not outdo him ; that would be impossible . but there is some very thoughtful discussion on the life of robert johnson and the world he lived in . the discussion with a former classmate is touching , and the covers of his songs by those who knew him ( robert lockwood jr. , honeyboy edwards ) and by some of the new delta-blues talent such as guy davis , roy rogers and especially alvin youngblood heart blew me away . gov't mule and sonny landreth do some awesome electric renditions of his work . the major let downs are the cuts into interviews and pointless displays of the rock n ' roll hall of fame gathering , and also bob weir 's performance , which is just plain bad . all in all , it is a good film , and it 's nice to actually be able to watch people play his music , as we will never be able to see the real thing
camera neg 536.txt i bought this from another retailer on " black friday " for half of what amazon is selling it for and i 'm still bringing it back . i think it 's horrible . i was so excited to get a mini-dv camcorder because i heard how great the picture was , but this takes horrible video . it comes out so dark that you can hardly see anything , even using the light . even in a fairly well-lit room it came out dark . it looked ok on the lcd screen , but when i hooked it up to the tv , horrible ! and it 's not my tv either because i hooked up my old camcorder and it looked fine . i love that it 's so small , but if i ca n't see the video , it 's no use to me . back to by big old sony
music neg 216.txt unfortunately , i forked out $14 for this cd . upon first listen i am extremely dissapointed . being a huge fan of sp for years this album offers none of the harmonic resonance of green 's previous work . also gone are the magnificant beats we have come to expect from this artist . use this as sunday background music on a rainy day ; but do not expect to get the party started with this album.. .
health neg 216.txt i bought this epilator solely for upper lip hair , it takes off most of it but i dont think it epilates coz u can still see minute hair which wont be caught up in the blades and also the hair regrow in 2-3 days...much like shaving it off . i would rather goto the salon every 2 weeks than use this every 3rd day . moreover , on underarms , it pains as much as the other epilators so if you already have one , dont waste your money on this one
software pos 171.txt i have viewed pdf files for years , never made one before . the installation was simple , and converting word , excel or other files to pdf is one click away . only annoying thing is the software insisting that it install toolbars everywhere but that is easily remedied
camera pos 773.txt easy to use . produce pretty good quality . it takes pretty long to process between the shots . so you wo n't be able to take quick continuous shots . but for the price it is pretty good valu
books neg 924.txt the author is a sociologist and tells of testing the opinions of two groups as to oj 's guilt . [there was no test as to the extent of their actual knowledge ! ] you wo n't learn anything new from this book . it has a long list of books on the subject , but the author gave no ratings or summaries on them . were they all equal in quality ? the oj case received more publicity than the oklahoma city bombing or the clinton impeachment . the national association of editors and publishers has never told of the reasons for its play in the news . could it have been intended as a distraction from other news ? in may 1994 the newspapers carried stories on how north korea was ready to attack and start a war ; this was repeated weekly . in 1999 i read that president carter had been sent on a diplomatic mission to north korea ( must have been a success , since the propaganda stopped ) . could the double murders in brentwood have been well-publicized as a distraction ? is n't two murders a day the usual la statistics ? how many other waiters ( just from mezzaluna ) were murdered each year ? are murders by organized crime often solved ? the book " killing time " noted that restaurants and health clubs ( in la and elsewhere ) were often used a fronts for drug dealing and prostitution . if this explains the murders , you wo n't find much in this book . [my experience is that most white americans made up their minds in june 1994 and never let the new facts interfere with their prejudgment.]
books pos 870.txt the snow goose is a beautifully written book that lingers in the memory long after the hour or so that it takes to read . set on the coast of england at the time of dunkirk , it is less about the strife of wwii itself than about its three main characters - one of whom is the snow goose - and what binds them . it is a story about nature , love , and nobility of spirit . to say more would be to give too much away . but it has had a place on my bookshelf for decades , and i reread it when i need to be reminded what is important in life
books neg 932.txt the book i am going to talk about is the book arms and the man by bernard shaw . i really did not like this book because it was hard for me to understand . the reason i did n't like it was because it was challenging for me . the english was hard to understand . i liked how the writer wrote the book and i would probably look for another one of his books . this book was more like an opera with out music . if i could have and known to i probably would not have this enthusiastic about the book . one reason i picked the book was because it was dealing with war and i thought it would have been cool to read about war , but when i got more in to the book it was really not about war it was more about a love at war . if you 're an older audience it would be a good book , or if you 're looking for a good love-war story .
health neg 794.txt one i started using the shaver it fell apart . it has plastic tabs to hold it together and they just do n't work . the shaver is a waste of money
music neg 184.txt ok , first off , this is the first corrs release i 've listenend to . i 'm offering my opinion without knowing anything else they may have done . i 've listened to the cd 10 times or so , on random occasions when i need a break from my normal diet of punk and garage rock . it sounds good . a little too good . i agree that it 's overproduced , does n't sound even remotely spontaneous . the studio work is well done , but overdone . i 'd like to hear something else to see what they really sound like . the content of the songs is what bothers me . aside from being sappy , sentimental drivvel ( this is pop music , after all - i was n't expecting anything else ) , everything sounds like a commercial ditty or a part of a movie soundtrack . mmm-hmm . track 1 - i see a not-so overweight soccermom smiling on a treadmill at curves ( tm ) , then hopping in the ford expedition ( tm ) , and cheering on the kids at their soccer game with a sunnyd ( tm ) in each hand . track 2 - helicopter pans out as mid-20 's girl drives curvy mountain road in vw cabrio ( tm ) ( r ) with top down , thinking about handsome lover.. . " lmn " ( r ) watermark in lower-right corner of screen.. . track 3 - sad animals . images of puppys in cages . track 4 - actually , i like this one . mellow , laid back . track 5 - ugh. track 6 - this one is the most clever ! i see the band members - 3 girls , 1 guy - on one side of a table under a hanging lamp in an otherwise black room , while 3 gentlemen in suits open a breifcase full of money , push it towards them and say , " as you 're aware , the radio has lost it 's credibility . the kids are figuring out that there are other bands out there , beside what we pump across the airwaves at them . we need to entice them back . if you want a single , and this pile of cash says you do , then you 'll do what you can to save this dying medium . hell , you work in the word " radio " and we 'll double what we 're giving you . " come on , the song even sounds like a psa for the international radio marketing council.. . track 7 - sounds like a pepsi commercial . track 8 - ugh. wait , was n't this track 5 ? track 9 - sappy , but ok . sounds like they actually put effort into the lyrics . thumbs up . track 10 - not remotely original , but alright . track 11 - interesting sound . good beat . correct me if i 'm worng , but was that a semi-pagan reference there ? that would be a bold move , for which i 'd applaud them , if in fact it is . not that i 'm pagan or anything , but hey , its a religiously positive , non-christian reference that does n't involve marilyn manson , and that takes guts . especially for radio-loving girls bands . track 12 - laid back . almost has a jazzy , lounge feel . track 13 - produced by former ace of base member ? bubbly , upbeat , not too bad . track 14 - written and produced by avril lavigne.. . track 15 - wow ! a relatively celtic-sounding song from a relatively celtic band ! ! and instrumental , too - big thumbs up ! in fact , maybe that 's the key . whatever . long-winded , i know , but fair . this album did n't turn me off to the corrs completely , but i do n't have very high hopes now . flame away , kiddies .
books neg 751.txt this book can be very damaging if you approach it with the idea that it is absolute truth . as some readers have complained , this is not really a " christian " book because the focus is n't on christ , it 's on you . a biblically centered way of dating would put the focus on loving other people unconditionally , the way jesus would , and not on trying to " find the perfect spouse . " the whole premise of the book is rather un-christlike : making yourself enticing enough to the opposite gender that someone would want to marry you . it 's rather selfish , really , when you consider the words of john the baptist : " christ must become more , i must become less , " as well as the warning in song of solomon " do not awaken love until it so desires . " should n't our primary goal be to glorify christ and not search for earthly shortcuts to fulfilling our desires ? finding a spouse is not like science nor business which have clear procedures or even guidelines . hearts can be broken , and therefore authentic , christlike love must take precedence . i do n't mean to sound accusing , but this book borders close to the type of manipulation that the world cleverly calls " seduction . " my brother humorously commented that the book also tries to turn you into a " poser . " this happens when ' forcing yourself ' to be more masculine or feminine in order to entice the opposite sex . you have to ask : what kind of people are you trying to attract...people who are enticed by your masculinity / femininity or people who are excited about you for who truly are ? i personally would rather a lady be attracted to me for my fruits of the spirit than my looks or personality . it is a combination of both action and faith that is important . faith to set the situations up . action to knock em down
books pos 472.txt for the first quarter of the book , i thought eugenia was ( to be polite ) a witch . she slowly became likeable . all of poor cyrus 's choices in clothing were so tacky . the story had a good blend of romance and mystery . after reading this book and all the talk of glass , i have a serious interest in collecting glass art
software pos 890.txt i have been a user since version 4. version 4 was bad , 5 was good , 6 was terrible , 7 was great , tried 8 & did n't see the point , 9 was stable and very good . i avoided 10. 11 is very good . in version 12 corel had added features that made me want to go back to 11. so now here we are on x3. let me tell you , it has been 5 years since could say i love this program ! it loads faster than 11 or 12 ( and about a bizillion times faster than adobe 's illustrator ) . it seems in this version , corel has really given it 's users a good listen because the additions to this program bring draw up to a new level of " i can harldy wait to work on a new project " . many of the improvments are simply little things in the way of navigation and shortcuts . some , like the improved trace work wonderfully and seamlessly . you can go to corel 's website to learn of the other improvments . i think you 'll be pleased . this is a designer 's tool that you can purchase and use with confidence .
music neg 931.txt this is a cd of the history of the band . interesting but was not a music cd . was not worth the price
books pos 366.txt private eye philip marlowe is asked for help to get to mexico by terry lennox . marlowe likes lennox and agrees to help him , but later lennox commits suicide in the small mexican town of otatoclan . but why was lennox driven to such extremes ? later on , marlowe is asked for his assistance in keeping the alcoholic writer roger wade on the staight-and-narrow . this is not really marlowe 's line of work , but he becomes entangled in the case especially as connections with lennox begin slowly to emerge . this is a longer , more ambitious novel by chandler albeit displaying the same cynical , tough edge as the other marlowe novels i 've read . the greater length allows chandler more space for character development and reflection . the danger of this is that the novel could have felt over-extended , but for me it didn't . the ending did not come as a total surprise , but as with every other chandler novel i 've read , enjoyment of the journey rather than satisfaction at the quality of the destination is the important thing . g rodger
books pos 180.txt ...this book is a romance , and i liked it . my only excuse is , it 's a classic romance ! i loved it , in fact . it 's on my top ten favorite books list . it was n't gross , it was n't weird , it was n't annoyingly romantic . i loved it . ( i might say that a few more times . ) i loved elizabeth , jane , mr. bennet 's relations with mrs. bennet , mr. darcy , mr. bingly , mr. collins ( my cousin cannot say his name without falling over herself laughing from what she saw in the movie . ) i ca n't even find words to describe how much i loved this book . i read it this summer , and i 'm still at a loss for words ! all i can say is , i 'll definitely be picking up more classics . and my book of jane austen 's works will soon be veeeery well-worn
books pos 723.txt this is the second novel in the mystery series featuring marcus didius falco , an informer and sleuth . a series of books that have become hugely popular , so much so that the author is now at the forefront of historical mystery writers . it was probably a stroke of genius on her part to have novels that are extremely well researched and contain all the elements that would be and should be found in rome in ad70 , but to have a lead character who has the vocabulary of a present day new york cop . in this novel the hero marcus didius falco has returned from the remote island of britannia , a god forsaken place whose people are morose and surly and the weather , well the weather is best left to its own devices . marcus has lost his heart to senator 's daughter helena but is not sure that the passion he feels is reciprocated . why is that women he is not interested in , fall over themselves to get to him , but the one that he has lost his heart to , treats him with a cool disdain ? he has not long returned to the welcoming arms of rome before a series of fatal accidents and things that go bump in the night convince falco and the emperor that there are traitors still conspiring and they must be brought to book . falco is not happy , it seems he must leave his beloved rome yet again , but the conspirators are serious about their plans and will not let anyone stand in their way . will falco ever return . .
dvd neg 946.txt i first viewed this movie on cable , that same night , i purchased the movie from this seller . to date , i have had no responses to email , no communication what so ever , and still have not received this tape in the mail . very disappointed , and not recommended to purchase from this seller
dvd pos 543.txt we enjoyed this video . the rugby athletes are fun to watch in such a surreal setting . somehow , these tough , big athletes being posed and shot in various homoerotic poses gives new meaning to " sporn " .
books neg 225.txt i have no personal experience with 12-step programs nor do i have dominant addictions ( other than book and dvd buying ! ) but i am a psychologist who has seen a lot of people and their stories and regularly deals with smoking , over-eating and love addictions in particular . i was hoping for some new ideas to assist clients . this book takes a rational-emotive type approach to conquering addiction and on that level is fine for those wanting to look at that approach . i also found some of his reference to research of how people recover also quite useful but he seems to have quite a personal , and often over-generalised , attacking crusade against 12-step programs . some of his concerns about possible problems and misunderstandings many people can have with 12-step programs were valid and useful . similarly i welcomed his questioning of the disease model that has people always defining themselves as an addict and powerless . however he has to keep coming back in every chapter to go over and over the evils he sees in 12-step programs - and in very derogatory judgmental language . he often even implies they are all deliberately manipulating and exploiting people . i got very uncomfortable with his imputing these motives to everyone . there appear to be many genuine people of good intention in these movements ( and many who clearly seems to get a lot out of them and have recovered ) . i would have rather he had used his own rational methods rather than resort to such abusive language . he could have suggested modified views and tools , and alternatives to consider . i ca n't imagine that he would lure anyone away from the 12-step programs he criticises by attacking everything they have been standing for . however a gentler exploration of limitations and evidence and suggestions for alternatives may have opened up a welcomed middle ground
dvd neg 632.txt stay away from all the movies from wesley snipes ' and steven seagal's . they are brain-dead movies with brain-dead screenplays , bad directors , bad everythings . this movie , like other viewers ' said , drove me nuts . i have to wear straight jacket to refrain myself everytime when i watched these two guys ' movies , otherwise i might have crashed my tv set or trashed everything around me in order to vant my frustration . amazon.com should also stay away from selling this crappy movie . god help us .
camera neg 481.txt this camera is the worst ! ! ! i bought this on black friday there are many reasons why i am returning this piece of junk : 1.first of all , it runs on double a batteries 2.when i came home i started taking pictures.after i took my first picture , it said error saving image ! 3.then it worked and it didnt work.i tried downloading some of the pictures that were actually saved on the camera onto the computer.when i finished downloading them , i looked for the pics on the computer.i f0und them but the pics were all blurry.i was so fed up that i left it sitting on my computer desk for the next 2 months . do not buy this camera , it will be a waste of your money and time ! i actually thought hp made good cameras.....- _ -
books pos 204.txt the recipes in this book are often somewhat complex , but they are easy to follow and the results are wonderful . braising does not aways take a long time either . one of my favorites is soy-braised chicken thighs with star anise and orange peel - 40 minutes total
dvd pos 703.txt shel natowsky , ph.d . this movie is costner 's best , without any hesitation . the performances by hackman and sean young are also flawless . supporting roles are well honed , as well . the movie has everything you could want in a film...i mean everything ! the screenplay is wonderfully written , acted , directed , and presented . why is it that movies as superb as this one is cannot be made anymore ? everytime i run it , it never ceases to thrill me and to amaze me . if you want to see a cold war drama that never ceases to excite and one which moves at a fever 's pace , then see this one . satisfaction guaranteed ! well done people
music pos 31.txt i was waiting for this cd for a very long time , i mean i love all greg 's album , they are intense , passionate , but amber headlights is giving me back the soul of the afghan whigs , somenthing i missed a lot for a long time . i love his voice , the way he sing , the way he loves his music . you can t explain the beauty of this cd , there are great rock-blues-love songs:the first time i heard " so thight " it makes me jump up and down my room ( i haven t done it for long time since black love " going to town " ) , then cigarettes ( what a great song , this time i only remember i was singing the chorus with " gentleman " in my hand ) , then " domani " that in italian means tomorrow , kind of greg 's jazz slow song in which his voice is so low that you can t even try to sing like that.then song after song i realized is the best cd i ever bought after so many years . if you don t know anything about afghan whigs and greg dulli then it is time to start to listen one of the best alternative artist of our time .
camera neg 386.txt there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job !
camera neg 533.txt the is-dv only records videos in the ' asf ' format , not mpeg-4. i bought one from ' egghead.com' . after 30 days , i contacted aiptek to tell them the problem , they acknowledged that the is-dv only records videos in the ' asf ' format . they said there is nothing they will do about it . do not buy this product . aiptek advertises that the is-dv records video in mpeg-4 format , but it doesn't . ' egghead.com ' wo n't deal with me because they say i should deal with the manufacture after 30 days from the purchase date
music neg 345.txt this band is getting alot of critical acclaim right now , but i 'm just not feeling it . the single " wolf like me " is the only song that stands out to me on the whole album . it is a great song , but everything else is just blah . i think the band could use a different singer , the guy they got does n't sing very well or very " soulful " . the music is good , very original and the only reason i have n't sold the cd yet . i really think ppl need to hear this one for themselves before they buy . do n't be fooled by these 5 star reviews . just listen to the cd before you buy it . that 's my advice
books pos 598.txt a pathbreaking work in women 's history and the history of deviancy , this book argues ( if not entirely convincingly ) for a new interpretation of the history and relationship of girl delinquents and women reformers . odem traces the history of middle class women reformers towards sexual delinquency by young girls through the particularly rich case history of los angeles county . noting the diverse cultures in l.a. ( white , working class , hispanic , african-american ) odem argues that many girls who became labeled & quot ; wayward&quot ; were acting out against oppressive and repressive families who held old-fashioned and patriarchal views of girls ' sexuality . odem also explores the eventually oppressive route that reformers took in & quot ; retraining&quot ; wayward girls
music pos 188.txt hayley westenra , at only 18 years old , is an enchanting voice we should be hearing from for many years to come . this is an uplifting and at times , spiritual album that shows shades of greatness . throughout , westenra 's voice is captivating , though the musical scores are at times , sub-par and do not equal the vocal talent . there was an advertising tag on this cd that stated " the female josh grobin " , but i think a more accurate sentiment would be " a young sarah brightman " . odyssey is a fine mix of spiritual and operatic tunes , all of which match up well with westenra 's abilities . bocelli fans will also appreciate the duet , dell amore non si sa . they pair up for that one song , but the rest is all westenra . this is smooth , soothing and easy listening . if you like brightman , you will truly appreciate the voice of westenra .
health pos 268.txt this is a really good supplement to help you regulate your sleep pattern . people please grow up and stop using this amazon review site to post useless nonsense...go blog somewhere else
health neg 749.txt i bought this straightener because everyone said it was wonderful and it was at a great price...but looks can be decieving ! ! this straightener pulls my hair , it does n't get very hot , it 's kind-of uncomfortable to hold , and it does n't straighten my hair ! ! !
music neg 648.txt this album lacks a lot of the controversy ( not all of it ) of the original , uncensored & quot ; cop killer&quot ; ( new censored version now titled body count ) . go to ebay and find someone auctioning off the real version of the 92 album . you will like it a hell of a lot better
software pos 582.txt i bought this software for my wife for christmas . the quality of this software is outstanding . it is simple to use , but has many , many features . i would recommend this software for anyone who likes to scrapbook , but also for those who enjoy doing anything with pictures . you can make calendars , greeting cards , birthday cards etc. , as well as flyers . the price for this software is very cheap for the quality and the amount you get from it . it is a must
health neg 95.txt like many other negative reviews , i 've experienced the same problems with this razor . i guess less blades is more and i 'm going back to the m3 power . i 'll be brief about the problems : 1. there 's more " pulling " when you shave . it felt like the hair on my face was being pulled out than cut . 2. the razor is harder to clean off . 3. i would get slight razor burn and i never get razor burn . 4. it 's more expensive than other better razors out there . so there you have it . if you have to try it out , hey it might work for you . but please , keep your receipt ( and packaging ) in case you want to get a refund.* * if you 're reading this is 2009 , chances are that gillette 's money back guarantee will no longer be around . however , there will probably be a gillette razor with 12 blades by then
music pos 68.txt michelle branch carved out a place for herself in the young female pop singer market serveral years ago with a brilliant debut and a successful if derivitive duet with carlos santana . this record is her first with friend jessica harp . the ladies mine the borderline between the singer / songwriter and country genres for quality songs that should fit well in the americana format . highlights include the opening track leave the pieces , way back home , the good kind , and the title track stand still look pretty . of special note is the presence of producer / multi-instrumentalist john leventhal on many tracks . i recommend this record for folks who like songs that do n't sound like formula country
software pos 405.txt i do n't know what other people are complaining about . i just installed vista ultimate a few days ago and i absolutely love it . no interface lag or any other lag at all . maybe the people complaining have weak or outdated hardware . those people need to turn down their settings if their not going to keep their computers on the cutting edge or at least near it . i 'm glad microsoft is n't waiting for people to catch up and are on the cutting edge . i 'd rather be the one catching up than the other way around . i have a core 2 duo e6300 overclocked to 2.5ghz , 2 gigs of ram , a geforce 7600gt and a western digital raptor 150g hd and vista ultimate works flawlessly on my computer . it 's not the best computer but it runs flawlessly , i built it myself and all the parts cost me about $850 off the net . i play world of warcraft among some other games and i have n't seen any problems yet with any games or any of the major software i use as of yet . i 've only encountered one problem and that was with my old soundblaster live ! 5.1 sound card which has discontinued support . no big deal , it was about time to get a better one anyway . vista is awesome , i love everything about it . it 's very futuristic and it is not a simple interface makeover at all like some clueless dummies proclaim . by the way , i only paid $110 for vista ultimate upgrade off ebay , check there first if you already have an existing os and want to save some dough
camera neg 597.txt the noise problem with this camera is horrendous . do not buy it ! if you take a close-up picture of an eye you will not be able to see the eyelashes clearly.. . never . no matter how hard you try . my 3-year old 5mpx sony is much better than this panasonic camera . i am sorry i bought it . i would return this product if i could and buy a good camera instead . the lumix dmc-lx2 camera cannot focus one bit , many pictures are out of focus and made worse by the noise problem . even with the motion smother function turned on many pictures come out blurred . noise is very noticeable with graininess appearing very readily . you can tweak the quality enhancing features for sharpness , noise reduction , contrast and saturation all you want but these are worthless to reduce the noice and sharpness problem . the amazon website says you can use standard sd memory which is untrue ( perhaps this has been corrected now ) . the camera only accepts more expensive sdhc ( high capacity ) cards . these sdhc cards cannot be read by standard memory stick readers so i have to use the usb port which takes forever to download even a handful of pictures to my computer .
camera neg 823.txt i recommend not to purchase this item . look for another one . the lens itself seems ok , although i ca n't really say , but the adapter which is built in to the lens is shoddy and cumbersome and ruins the the whole deal . the adapter is a quick release type where one end attaches to the camera and the lens simply snaps in , or is quickly released . this would be great , except for two very important things . one , the lens fits very loosely in the quick release adapter . this causes some major distortion , especially when moving . two , the housing is made of thin plastic which does not seem very durable . in fact it is so cheaply thin that i am afraid to leave it in my car because the heat may distort the plastic . one drop , even a small one , and it is done for
health neg 990.txt i bought this dryer to replace my 10 year old conair , when it gets hot it would stop . good thing i did n't throw it away . this cordkeeper only worked for about 4 months . it is also very loud ! almost hurt my ears to use i
dvd pos 788.txt i gave my boyfriend the most romantic presents ever for valentine 's day , but this is still the one he talks about the most . he loved having all the seasons and this was the best price i found anywhere .
software neg 195.txt i used a bundled package in a new laptop to create a photo album . when trial time expired , i purchase the full package . i could not open the existing album with the new software . the new full package is hard to use and the so called 1000 's of templates can not be found . use something else ! ! ! i even e-mailed corel about this . its been 4 days , i have not had a response . do not buy ! ! ! i rate this produce as a -2 stars
software neg 615.txt i bought the vista upgrade with my dell computer . i tried to install and half way through the set up , after it had uninstalled my old programs , i got a message to abort . the abort left me with a damaged media program , and thus far i have spent over $400 trying to re-connect damaged files and programs . my best advice is to wait until microsoft gets the " kinks " out of the vista program and then buy the upgrade
music pos 981.txt first of all i 'm a die hard ufo fan , i own every ufo album not just the michael shenker cd's ...some of you fools reviewing the ufo albums without michael ..1 ) do the band a disservice 2 ) are smokin crack , and 3 ) are very inept in your musical judgement . while i 'm a huge shenker fan he is far from the greatest guitar god , and i hate to break the news to ya 's but for overall sound / effect and appeal paul chapmans just good as michael on many a song . that bein said making contact is one of the top five ufo albums made ! ! ! ! the top five ufo albums any fan should get are ( phenomenon , lights out , no place to run , making contact , and walk on water ) along with the two live cd 's bbc , and strangers in the night . misdemeaner has some cool 80 's guitar and is an attempt at mainstream ( and they deserve to be mainstream ) so who can blame them , and some of these songs are pretty cool...if , i might add if you have an open mind ( so that excludes most of you shenker diehards ) ...........
music pos 164.txt this cd is supberb ! ! absolutely fabulous . i received it timely and have enjoyed listening to it over and over again . all my deslings with amazon thusfar have been outstanding . thanks , amazon laura rig
books pos 257.txt his basic thesis is that a liberal empire can be a greatly positive force in the world , and that the united states is already an empire , but that our inablility to acknowledge the fact leads us to waste our opportunities to be the afore mentioned positive force . ferguson writes that america is plagued by an attention deficit disorder and too much love of the good life . thus , we get distracted too easily from important events overseas , and when we do try to intervene , we want quick fixes and low costs . i could n't agree more with most of these points . as an american , i 'm greatly ashamed of our collective ignorance . i hate feeling like a foreigner in my our country because i watch the news or can find sumatra on a map . also , the book strikes a chord with me because of my frustration with half measures in foreign interventions . countless times , i believe america has done more harm than good by , if you will , talking the talk but not walking the walk . if we commit to something , we need to follow through . this is as true in iraq today as it has been in the past . we 've claimed to support democracy in latin america , but then turned bannana republics into bannana autocracies . we greatly prolonged and increased vietnam 's suffering without changing the end result at all . with all this commonality , however , there are a few leaps of logic that ferguson makes that i ca n't bring myself to agree with . basically , he did n't sell me on the thought that the imperial model is the best way to develop the world . how are we supposed to know what is best for everyone ? wo n't our own biases and self interests inevitably distort even our most altruistic efforts ? when ferguson hold 's up the british empire as a model of success , i ca n't help but notice that the best results came only to those places of british colonization , with horrendous consequences for each of the native populations there . and the two greatest examples of beneficial american imperialism - japan and germany - were already highly developed before world war ii , so it probably was n't that much of a wonder that we were able to help them return to such a state . even if the positive power of empire is conceded , there are important differences between the state of world during the british empire and the state of the world now . it 's a concern of immunity from repercussions . in the golden age of imperialism , europe was in a kind of splendid isolation from its empires . not to say that there were no reprercussions , but , with the only modern navies in the world , europe was immune to any very serious threats . on the other hand , in today 's world , as an effect of globalization , power has become more decentralized in some respects . think wmds , terrorists , and foreign investments in the u.s. economy , for example . can america as easily afford to make enemies in the developing world as the british could ? in the end " colossus " did n't settle any agruments for me , but raised new and interesting questions . it is a book that makes you think , and that in and of itself is worth four stars .
camera neg 538.txt i have one word for the argus quick clix , horrible . i bought two of these cameras to give to my daughters for christmas . the camera lists numerous features and that is what enticed me to buy them . i was looking for an inexpensive camera for general use . this camera takes horrible pictures . all of the photos had a blue tinge to them and were fuzzy . when the flash was used it was so strong that there was nothing but white out of the subject . one very irritating feature is that the camera comes on with the flash off . there is no way to change a setting to let it come on with the flash . you have to go through a series of menus to turn it on and then it takes almost 20 seconds for the flash to get ready to use . as stated when it finally does come on and you take a picture , it is so bright that the picture is useless . i would not recommend this camera to anyone
camera pos 559.txt all i can say is , if you know what you 're doing ( basic knowledge in digital photography ) you 'll love this camera . adobe photoshop would be nice to have , too , if you like to play around with the pictures to make it more better . have fun
dvd pos 525.txt this collection brings together five of the older british war stories and is excellent value for anyone who enjoys such movies
books neg 911.txt this book is awful . i have read the entire thing , and it says nothing that is useful . i have been in public accounting for 10 years , and i am now ready to start my own firm . i wasted my money on buying this book . i know it is tempting to buy , since the title is exactly what i was looking for , but trust me , choose another book . the accounting guild website that the author constantly refers to is no longer in existence
health pos 881.txt i found this blood pressure meter easy to use and quite accurate when checked against my doctors readings . keeping the readings in memory made it very easy to keep my doctor inform of the results . the size of the cuff is very important , so be sure to order the right size for your arm as the wrong size will give inaccurate results . this is true in the doctors office also . my blood pressure dropped several points in the doctors office , on his machine , just by changing the size of the cuff . this is an excellent monitor - i could n't be happier with it . it is nice to be able to use it with batteries too .
software neg 527.txt no support or response to questions , only 1 / 2 of the functions work , not a bad design but it was obviously released full of bugs . try cosmic blobs
dvd pos 907.txt this movie is intimate and special . some reviews say it is the story of obsession , of fetishism , of trivial things . however , this movie is the story of something special in a young teenage boy 's life : his fantasy woman . the character malena rarely speaks throughout the movie , but we see her exactly how we are supposed to see her - through the eyes of an old man telling the story of himself in young " love " . this perspective makes her ideal and special , with few flaws , as a fantasy woman is to a young man . malena is instantly a likeable character , not awful and disgusting like those using her . we cannot forget that our narrator , renato , is not actually a teenage boy but an older man telling his own story . therefore , he is unreliable as a narrator . malena 's sins are washed clean through his judgement , and we believe him when we see her victimized by the other women . however , renato has had years to think about everything , to contemplate what really happened to her . so , in the end , the people who use her are completely despicable , unable to garner any liking . of course , she is a victim , but she eventually falls into the gossip that others believe she is guilty of with the men . the movie does offer a hint that she could have escaped all of the problems : she is from another city and her husband , for most of the movie , is dead . yet , she chooses to not escape but to stay , and her fate is sealed . the music in the movie was nominated for best score in 2000 , and it is beautiful , emotional . it truly adds to the feeling of the movie . i would recommend this movie to anyone for the compelling story , emotion , and characters . you will never forget this movie .
books pos 334.txt it was 8 years after i took the sats but i still wish i had this book then just because the examples of the words are really practical and simply written
camera pos 952.txt this camera was a great investment . the photos turn out wonderfully . better than a regular film camera and i have kept an eye out on simular cameras...price wise we got a fantastic deal on this camera and it was well worth the price . the only problem i have found with it is that the batteries wear out soooo fast but i think all digital cameras have that problem . this is a great camera
health neg 136.txt the only thing that i have really used out of it has been the nail clippers . otherwise , i wasted the money on it and could have put it towards something more useful . well , i guess you and learn . it was my first baby , everything looks great and needed
camera pos 302.txt wow is all there is to say no problems with it perfect for a casual picture take
books neg 973.txt this would have to be the worst book i have ever read.wow will is running from dead people . some one is trying to kill him so cool.how much more boring can you get.i would not recommend this book to a cave man or any thing for that mater . so what i 'm saying is it stinks
camera pos 965.txt i 'm not a professional but this lens makes me feel like one . it is a very versatile lens , working well inside or out , low light or extremely bright . am looking forward to taking sporting pictures next spring
music pos 831.txt although each track is beautiful in it 's own way , it 's their sum that makes this such an incredible album in my mind . where felt mountain remained rather mellow and etheral thruought the entire album , black cherry offers more in the way of diverse melodies and tempo . the tracks seem to be placed specifically in a way that makes the album feel like a journey , and , personally , like a lay 's potato chip , not able to listen to just one....yeah , i need the whole thing. .
dvd neg 730.txt i was very disappointed in the quality of this dvd . i would not recommend anyone buying this dvd until the quality is back to that of a professional recording
camera pos 719.txt i was very pleased to find an 8 mega-pixel camera at such a reasonable price , ease of use and easy to use softwate for editing .
dvd neg 259.txt i hate lawyers . what is a lawyer , anyway ? basically : it 's a telemarketer in a decent suit , a guy who would be hawking the latest ronco hair-in-a-can super-duper late night special to folks in akron over his plantronic headset , only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb . shakespeare said it first and best : " first , let 's kill all the lawyers ! " . former enron uber-dealmaker john wing put a little fast-times houston spin on that one : " get all the lawyers in a room- --and shoot ' em ! - --in the mouth , so you *can't * miss ! " exactly . anyway , " the firm " is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting , so i was probably all amped up to despise it . but not really : back before i dug into a gig with the dark side in high finance , back when i was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater , i briefly considered going into law : briefly , for about an hour . it was a desperate time , and i needed money . why did i consider walking hell 's highway , if only for an instant ? because john grisham , boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer , a kind of tom clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set , made it all sound pretty damned funky ( and lucrative ! hey , dig that bmw 7 series , baby , beep beep ! ) in his engrossing little novel " the firm " : granted , i 've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes , but it held my attention . i mean , seriously : you 're 19 , and the whole flying out on the corporate lear to grand cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool . and strippers , man , plenty of strippers . oh , and did someone mention a bmw ? what 's the difference between a lawyer and a snake ? the snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a**. now it 's true : grisham writes like kim jong il sings , but- --in " the firm " , anyway- --he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace , from the pedestrian- --hotshot law school whiz kid gets picked up by a memphis white-shoe law firm- --to the pretty damned atrocious , all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense , suffocating sense of malice . grisham , like michael crichton , is n't a prose genius : he 's not even mediocre . but he writes for film , and " the firm " cried out for cinematic treatment . so it 's baffling that , with all the right stuff- --tom cruise as winsome lead mitch mcdeere , gene hackman doing his chain-drinking gene hackman thang as the corrupt ( but ultimately worn-out and pathetic ) senior partner , and sydney pollack helming it up- --that the big-screen treatment of " the firm " is such a yawner . talk about contempt of court . pollack takes all that intricately woven little grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen . at its guts , really , " the firm " was really nothing more than the big career nightmare : i 've bet the farm on this gig , i 'm getting big money , i 'm working like a fiend , my wife is having trouble remembering my name , and evidently i 'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients- --i 'm doing money laundering for the mob . pollack just mangles the whole thing , convolutes the simple , and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning . casting is part of the problem : cruise does his thing , running around memphis with his briefcase . hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure armani-clad sleaze : " the firm " is all funny-wrinkles when he 's onscreen , but hey , a man can only do so much . jeanne tripplehorn ( cruise 's squeeze ) , who plays lara san giacomo when she 's not playing tripplehorn ( seriously , google the two of ' em : astounding ! ) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes . wilford brimley is just plain wrong as the firm 's security chief : too bald , too cracker , too rotund , too silly , too low-end , to do the role justice . holly hunter is even worse : hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as something sexy , which is baffling , given that she 's about 3'8 , and has all the sex appeal of an oompah-loompah . it does n't help that she 's a big , ugly southern stereotype , the caricature most denizens of dumpy michigan towns imagine southerners to be . you want her to die : she doesn't . pollack wants us to think she 's clever and funny . she isn't . ed harris , i think , is in this movie . so is hal holbrook , which kinda ruins everything , because everytime hal holbrook is in a movie you know you 're dealing with a bunch of friggin ' crooks . anyway , the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance , deus ex machina , of paul sorvino ( don morolto- --what kind of goombah name is dat , anyway ? somebody call tony soprano ! ) , who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous . if you wanna see tom cruise running around memphis with his briefcase for two hours , by all means belly up to the bar . otherwise , case dismissed . js
books neg 893.txt for those of you who have not yet read this book : this book is about a white-wannabe black girl who pays way too much attention to her friend 's puberty . i have never read a worse book in my life . this book is shallow , boring , and completely pointless
dvd pos 320.txt this movie was both entertaining and at times , hilarious . charlie sheen is great as the fallen stockbroker turned advice columnist , denise richards is funny as his ditzy , shallow girlfriend and angie harmon is appealing as the editor of the newspaper . also , jon lovitz is hysterical as sheen 's plastic surgeon best friend . this movie is a must for those who want some lighthearted humor . i highly recommend it .
camera neg 198.txt it looks great , genuine leather , much better than synthetic . like a brand named leather wallet . but there is no where you can tie the case to the camera . hence you have to hold onto it with another hand when you pull the camera out to take photos . there is no where to put the essential accessories ( battery and another memory stick ) . there is no way to clip to the belt . will like to return if if not the hassle of mailing and the associated cost . bought another handy synthetic case afterwards
books pos 892.txt this is an enlightening , meticulous story of william " boss " tweed and , as past of the context , his three key cronies in the ring : peter sweeny , richard connolly and oakley hall . it is a story about how the new york times elevated itself by getting the goods on corruption and bravely exposing it on the front page . oh how the mighty have fallen ! the time of power ( terror ? ) for tweed 's edition of tammany hall was relatively short , but tammany hall power lingered well after tweed 's demise , another eithy-five years . the critical moment to the story is when tweed engineers the proverbial license to steal by devising a new charter for new york city , putting the power in the hands of his incredibly greedy ring of thieves . the four took this opportunity to carve out a fortune for themselves , primarily by paying millions of dollars for a courthouse that should have cost a few hundred thousand to build . a disgruntled ' whistleblower ' ( the term had no meaning back then ) copied over the records in enough detail to demonstrate the bold theft and fraud . there are several versions of how the blockbuster story of the padded expenses and outright theft came into the times ' hands , but the remarkable part of the story is just how brazen the " ring " could be , how convinced they were of their own invincibility or ability to bribe , cheat and steal their way out of any legal investigation or hearings . people who today believe we live in an era of unbridled corporate greed and ethical lapses need to read this book to better understand how much the supposed watchdog and people 's friend - - the government - - can be part of the problem and a barrier to the solution . the cast of characters , sinners , ( few ) saints , and masses of immigrants makes following the flow of the book sometimes a challenging task . thomas nast , a pivotal character if not the hero of the book , provides some vivid , visual signposts . nast not only draws a compelling picture for often illiterate ' readers ' , he was one of the first to put a face on public figures who heretofore had not been subjected to portraits or paparazzi as are today 's politicians . nast 's giving tweed a face may have been one of the breakthrough aspects of this story . it certainly helped catch tweed when he jumped bail . a few maps , perhaps some old drawings , and even a list of key characters could have perhaps clarified some of the story or reduced my thumbing back to previous pages or checking the index for the entry and bio of important members of the cast . there are some historic new york times front page stories that help create atmosphere and context . any reasonably educated american should have learned at least the sketchy details of tweed 's nefarious deeds and nast 's colorful cartoons . ackerman does an excellent job of documenting and detailing , filling in the gaps , and bringing now faded , black-and-white characters back to life
software neg 786.txt i hate this product . since i 'm used to office 2003 ( at work ) , opening this program and having to look at the childish-looking menu bar was a shock . the layout is irritating , poorly designed , and does not provide sufficient features . to make things worse , this sorry program does not allow you to save files directly to cd . the one-star rating was too generous .
dvd neg 593.txt i was also disappointed with this dvd , as is seemed to be a popular choice among amazon shoppers . i think the title , " yoga for beginners " is misleading , as this dvd contains many advanced yoga routines . also , on the back of the dvd it said it contained a " core workout 20 min . " but no such workout is actually on the dvd ! i purchase the " pilates for inflexible people " at the same time as this dvd , and i much prefer it . although , i wish i 'd known that two of the workouts from the pilates dvd were on the yoga dvd before i bought them both .
health pos 947.txt i cannot say how well this product really compares to other sunscreens in terms of sun protection . but it does have the right ingredients that most top-rated sunscreens / sunblocks use , so it should be at least on par with them . where this product really shines ( or does n't shine ) is for people with combination / oily skin . i have tried many sunscreens , and it 's so hard to find a sunscreen without moisturizers ( if you have oily skin , that 's already your natural moisturizers ) . i have even tried other neutrogena sunscreens that are supposed to be oil free and all that . the result on my face ? after applying it , i always shine ( which is not what i want ) . this magnificent product , however , actually gives my face a nice matte finish.. . and matte feel , too ! it 's a pretty thick cream when you first apply it ( as opposed to other suncreens or other products that feel more like lotion ) , but is almost immediately absorbed by the skin . in 30 seconds , there is no more greasy / creamy feeling , and in one minute , if you feel your skin , there 's a nice matte feel . however , and this is not the fault of the product , after about 3 hours ( at least for me ) , then i feel like the matte effect has worn off , and my oily skin is again showing its oily nature . still , as far as suncreens go , this is the best i have tried for my skin , and i highly recommend it for people with combination / oily skin . btw , this review is for the actual product i got , which is spf 30. as of the time i am writing this review , here in amazon they also offer an spf 45 version , and cheaper , too ! i do n't know the difference , but i always go for the lower one ( in this case , spf 30 ) , because i theorize - - rightly or wrongly , i do n't know - - that the lesser the spf , the lesser the strength of the ingredients , so maybe it 's better for sensitive skin ( ? )
books neg 413.txt as many have stated before me the book starts off with great promise for people who like historical fiction , however midway it turns into a romance novel . i give it 3 stars for holding my attention . a good beach read that can get you thinking ( a little ) about a time past . the one star is a mistake and i cannot seem to change it . 3 *** stars
books neg 691.txt first off : i 'd like it better if we had 1 / 2-star options . judas unchained really does n't deserve a 2 , more a 2-1 / 2 or 2-3 / 4. i have a love / hate relationship with peter hamilton 's books . he 's very adept at introducing interesting technology and making a faster-than-light society plausible but , as with a lot of these hard-science , libertarian sf authors , he badly needs an editor . i was skipping over multiple pages of irrelevance in both this book and its prequel , pandora 's star . he also has far too many " main characters " who ( despite 800+ pages ) never seem to come alive . they all speak with essentially the same voice . and when he tries to individualize someone they come off as badly stereotyped ' 60s era hippies - - come on , does anyone seriously say " dude " in the real world much less the imagined future of the 24th century ? and why is hamilton so obsessed with sex with young ( or rejuvenated ) women ? hamilton 's treatment of virtual immortality is hit and miss at best . on the one hand , the innate conservatism of an immortal civilization is well developed , represented and believable . on the other hand , the dynamics of the relationship between " old timers " and " first lifers " is unsatisfactory . in four centuries , for example , no one has even attempted to unseat nigel sheldon from his position as head of the sheldon dynasty ? perhaps the commonwealth 's continual expansion is the safety valve but even here , the government ( controlled the eternal heads of these dynasties ) controls it . another point that is brought up briefly is why would anyone want to live forever if their life did n't change - - i mean the characters of a novel ( almost by definition ) are dynamic , go-get - 'em types but most people just plod through their lives and then die . why would anyone want to do that for lifetime after lifetime ? the aliens are ok . the problem with them ( and this is true of nearly every sf story ) is that they tend to be one dimensional - - they 're all of a singular type and all too often they really do just act like human beings with weird make up . ( this is a problem in fantasy stories , too . ) on the plus side , i do tip my hat to hamilton for not allowing the humans to save themselves with an alien " deus ex machina . " ozzie 's adventures in " wonderland " ( i.e. , the silfen paths ) do bring him to the adult silfen and he does find out the origins of the dyson barriers but the knowledge does n't really help anyone defeat the primes . overall , if you started with pandora 's star , you probably should finish the journey with judas unchained . if you have n't started down this " silfen path , " i recommend alistair reynolds , tony daniel or iain banks . they write similarly grand space opera but are better at it than hamilton has proven himself to be to date
software pos 946.txt i think this is actually a very good os . there are a lot of new features and home premium appears to be the best vista os for the money . i purhased a new pc with this os and have really found no compelling reason to upgrade to ultimate for $150. only legitimate gripe concerns drivers for non-microsoft products . not excatly sure why this is microsoft 's problem though . regardless , this os is the smart choice for a new pc for home use . accept a minimum required graphics and audio card until suppliers catch up with this new os . then upgrade . otherwise , wait till you need a new pc
music neg 889.txt i 'm a hardcore lynch fan and find this album a big dissapointment . i like his older season of da sicc style nott this new stuff . in one song they 're talking about louie vitton , thats not the lynch i kno
health pos 680.txt i have tried many brands of soy shakes , and this one is delicious. . i sure recomend it to anyone that wants to start the healthy habit of drinking soy . cookies & cream flavor tastes like a real shake ! ! i really enjoy this drinks
health pos 389.txt i pumped exclusively with my first child and had no need for disposable pads b / c washable ones were sufficient . with my second child , i did both and i found these to be the best b / c washable ones are not enough . they are large so wo n't shift when you roll in bed . they are very absorbent though i have woken up a couple times trenched . they are very thin and discreet . other pads are not as big so not enough overage . i never bother with the adhesives b / c they do n't work . they are a must for nursing moms and pumping moms in the first few month when you have lots of milk . i just wished they were softer and less paper like
camera pos 891.txt for years now i have been buying " bargain " cameras with the foolish notion that i did not need a nice one . finally , i got sick of it and bought the exilim ex-z600. this camera is awesome . the screen is huge , the picture quality is great , it is easy to use and is sooo small . overall , a great buy . the one downside is that i can only connect it to my computer using the dock . luckily , i have an sd card reader , so i normally just use that to download my pictures
camera neg 225.txt this camera was a pain to pick the mode to get the camera to work . it 's batteries died all the time and lost all of the pictures . when you did get a picture loaded on the computer the software was terrible . we trashed it within 2 weeks of purchasing
software neg 219.txt in the last year i have tried this program , pc-cillin & four sharewares from cnet , and f-za the only one that does n't cause more problems than it solves . the others prevent me from doing wireless printing , slowdown the computer & generate false alarms
dvd pos 548.txt i saw this movie on tv years ago and loved it . i thought the storyline was terrific . there 's plenty of action , family situations , love interest , but , mostly , this movie engages you - - it forces you to care about the characters . it 's a great movie . three words : keep tissues handy
camera pos 67.txt i had been waiting 3 years for any manufacturer to market a camera similar in specification to the canon eos1. as exploration health , safety & environment advisor , work takes me to middle of the desert or the oceans . the wait was for 35mm film quality , with speed of picture taking ( 5 frames per second is barely enough to capture dolphins - hence the 8 + fps of the eos 1 was desired ) . there was a parallel wait for an image stabilised 28-300 zoom lens . let 's cut the story short . if i want a camera to bring on holiday , it would not be this one - the battery and charger are too heavy and bulky ; instead i would choose the eos20d without hesitation . but having hundreds of failed 35mm film frames i decided not to wait any longer but to buy the eos1d mark ii because the 1ds mark ii is not fast enough at 4 frames a second . with 35mm cameras , after a few seconds on the shooting , i would have to run back inside to the cabin ( of a ship ) to change film . if there is large enough memory card in the eos1dii , there is no need . this camera is built with seals against the environment ( and so does the 28-300mm lens ) . instead of being scared of running out of film , now it is easy to keep the shutter button pressed while panning ( and hoping ) the dolphins do their jumps into the air . with the 28-300mm lens attached , there is no need to change lenses either . dolphins riding the bow wave of the ship could be captured at 28mm while those further away could be caught with 300mm setting . it is a disappointment that the battery is not lion but the older nimh . but as with any photo gear requiring a battery it is wise to have a spare , whatever the substance . i just wish canon package a small travel size charger instead of the standard one which is very bulky . it has connections for two batteries ( yet it could only charge one following the other ) but most people would be happy using one battery while the other one is being charged . you just try to convince some airport officials to let you on the plane with the above kit , binoculars , laptop , mobile phone , gps.......ext . hard disk....as hand luggage . for work , i am committed and therefore bear the weight and troubles of hauling the hardware . but for holidays , i would choose the eos20d with built-in flash because who would want to lug around 3 kilos all day plus flash gun and possibly a tripod ? the camera gets 4.5 stars but the battery and charger lets it down . why just 4.5 stars ? one of the beauties i had thought with digital slr was not having to do anything in processing , just transfer the images to the computer . wrong . the .jpg straight out of the camera is not sharp enough . post processing is required . why ? why is that necessary when the canon s60 ( which i use for different assignments ( with underwater housing ) ) does n't need to ? that defeats the point of having a .jpg file at 5.5 meg when the 1.5 meg of the s60 looks sharper straight out of the camera ? still , there is raw if the standard output is not suficient . incidentally , the eos1dsii also produces 5.5 meg .jpg and those also require post processing . for those of us who are not interested in working longer than necessary ( me ) 16.7 million pixels would seem a bit wasted . i am still waiting for the camera which produces sharp .jpg files in-camera without having to post process , and can shoot at 8+ fps with a sensor size equivalent to 35mm film . meantime i shall have to learn to shoot with raw files and post process . also incidentally , the sensor size of the eos20d is smaller , which means although itself is lighter than the eos1d series camera , having to carry around an extrawide lens is not my idea of fun on holiday . the magnification ratio for the eos1dii is 1.3 whereas the eos20d is 1.6. this means i could still travel reasonably light ( compromise ) with the 1dii and 28-135mm is lens attached . sure it is possible to use stitching but that is more time spent at the computer and time is precious . any regrets ? none what-so-ever . it is state of the technology at the moment . another benefit of using digital is that , it does n't matter if you had been shooting iso 100 all day . come the night if you want to shoot the rig with a moon as backdrop , just change to iso 1600 without having to bother about " pushing2 the film in developing . it 's a beauty when an is l lens is attached . you 'd need is when there is machinery vibrations and the ship is moving with the swell ! good job canon . now you need to shoe horn in a more capable cpu ( to process the images in-camera ) , fit the 1dsii sensor into this one or this motordrive into the 1dsii and you may persuade me to part with more cash .
camera neg 824.txt i bought this camera after my 3-year-old broke my kodak z700. i loved my z700 , even though it was only 4mp and did n't have a lot of the features the newer cameras have . i figured that buying a newer kodak model and upgrading to 6mp would be a no-brainer , but i was disappointed in 2 major areas . first , the lag time is so slow on the c653 , when i took pictures of my kids i rarely got what i was expecting to see . the smile or look that i saw when the flash went was long gone by the time it captures . we experimented with tons of settings and there was no difference . the other disappointing area was low-light picture quality . anything i shot indoors was grainy except where the flash hit . every background was grainy . terrible . using the low-light settings fixed the problem , but then your subject is blurry because you 're not in " sports " or " kids " mode anymore ( which we used all the time with the z700 for taking pics of the kids ) . on my z700 ( which is only $150 now ) , i could set it and forget it . set it to " action " , and it took perfect pics indoors , or out , moving or stationary . that 's what i thought i was getting in the c653 , but i was wrong . i ended up returning the camera
books neg 487.txt i have listened to a bunch of dean koontz books . while listening to the second one i saw so many similarities , which really turned me off . and this flaw continued which each book i listen to , which caused me to be reluctant to buy this book . however , most of the stories were pretty good so i stuck with him . this is not the case with this book . " cold fire " is absolutely horrible . i so regret purchasing this book . it is so bad that i have decided to swear off dean for looooooooong while . just on a side note , " the bad place " is the first dk book i read and it was very entertaining .
camera pos 40.txt i do not trust any batteries except canon for my canon cameras . i have found " compatible " batteries do not always charge in canon charger , and do not last as long on camera
software pos 221.txt i discovered this software by accident , while window shopping , and i ended up buying it and taking it home . i was able to get it up and running pretty quickly , and was creating my own music right out of the box . of course it takes some time , but this program makes it possible to make some pretty good music in your spare time . add a mic to your computer , and you can pretty much turn your computer into a recording / editing studio , make your own music and burn it to cd . sounic foundry also makes it easy to publish your work to the web , by providing an online community of acid music-makers who review and comment on one anothers ' work . you can also listen to music published by other users . even if you 're just a musical legend in your own living room , this makes it easy and fun to become just that . sound forge also sells music loops on cd especially for acid , but you can find lots of free loops on the web that also work . sound forge also provides weekly samples for free on their acid planet website
camera pos 828.txt i purchased this prior to the birth of my son , and it 's doing the job perfectly . i do n't have a 2.4ghz phone at home so i ca n't say how it would 've affected its performance , but video and sound are very clear at a remote location . i 'm happy with the product and highly recommend it
dvd pos 105.txt there 's not much to say about the reputation of these movies . there 's also little to say about these dvds , many of which are the high quality special edition collections . just do the math . this is no brainer for people who do n't own any of these dvds . even if you only want 8 of them ( less than half ! ) , that 's about $20.00 a movie ( at amazon 's present sales price ) and since many of these movies are special editions , that 's still a steal ! this is a solid place to start your dvd collection . not everyone will enjoy all these movies ( after all , they range from westerns to romantic pieces to musicals ) , but at this price even giving half of them away still allows you a tremendous savings . one note : the version of amadeus here is the reissue and the longer , director 's cut of the movie that was not originally released . some ( including myself ) prefer the tighter original release ( which can still be gotten at amazon but sadly has no commentary and requires you to flip the disc in the middle of the movie ! )
health pos 769.txt i do n't know why most of the reviews are so negative . mine works perfectly , it does not flip-flop , does not drop down and you can remove those thingies inside to make the water pressure higher for a more soothing shower experience . reason i gave it 4 stars is because i have what is called a " diverter valve " attached to my shower head . the waterpik is meant to be installed directly onto the shower head itself . i could not do that , because i have a portable " wand " that is moveable via hose connected to the valve and noticed that the threading is too short for the waterpik to latch on to . went to home depot and got an extension and a coupling , kind of ingenious and used lots of pipe tape to " interface " the waterpik via the extension , via the coupling onto the diverter valve.... . wow ! no leaks ! works perfectly . for those of you out there that has a diverter valve for more then one showerhead option , go to home depot , lowe 's or a hardware store and what i wrote above will work as it did for me . enjoy
music pos 933.txt about the band : dead can dance is considered the seminal example of the ethereal or heavenly voices genre . in fact , the name of the label , 4ad , which carried many of the 1990s dcd releases , is sometimes also used to describe this genre of music , which is a fusion of subtle electronics , vocals , drums , world music , and a near limitless count of instruments . brendan perry sometimes has been described as a gothic frank sinatra . lisa gerrard 's enchanting vocals are often sung in a language only known to lisa . i count myself among the many that hold these two musicians in the highest esteem . about the album : compared to more recent albums that are loaded with bonus tracks , the 50-minutes of into the labyrinth would seem short , if it were n't for the fact that i like to listen to this album over and over again . i count this album as one of my all time favorites , and certainly my most prized dead can dance cd . one of the nicest things about this album is that it features nearly equal amounts of both lisa 's and brendan 's ghostly vocals . on some tracks they accompany each other , while others feature only one of the artist 's chilling or mystical sounding vocals . simply put , this is beautiful music to relax to . i honestly give this album my highest recommendations ! two tracks i 'd recommend sampling : " towards the within " ( featuring lisa 's vox w / brendan backing ) and " tell me about the forest " ( featuring brendan 's vox ) . i believe they best represent the range of songs you can expect with this album . please note that while all the tracks feature vocals , the lyrics for only those sung in english are included in the liner notes . similar artists : chances are if you are n't yet familiar with dead can dance , that you 've not yet discovered some of these other bands , but i highly recommend them as well : das zeichen , impressions of winter , love is colder than death , qntal , corvus corax , or helium vola . there is a rather large ( and somewhat underappreciated ) range of artists still producing heavenly voices music that is similar in quality to dead can dance . please check some of them out as well .
software neg 465.txt my subscription is expiring in a few days and this suite is impossible to renew . they are trying to force you into 2006 security suite for the big bucks and buggy software . 2005 works fine until i have been thru the runaround 3 times with e-mail customer support . i wo n't pay for their telephone customer support , trend micro will force me to buy another brand because of this . shame on you pcillin
camera pos 345.txt case is pretty much what you see...i have no complaints . = ) the case protects my camera very well
music pos 693.txt all of the isleys early work without the younger isleys is just as good with them . but these early workouts are more raw-stripped down and pop-oriented . ron isley has a way of making country , and rock remakes sound like they were never before recorded . not too many black artists can do that . to get a taste of the & quot ; real isleys&quot ; before the & quot ; mr. biggs&quot ; persona , get this with & quot ; get into something&quot ; , and & quot ; givin ' it back&quot
dvd neg 968.txt i 've been a longtime fan of seagal 's movies , but i was greatly disappointed by this film . first , there were clearly sections where steven seagal 's voice was done by a different actor who sounds nothing like him . ( clearly done when the film was cut together after the main filming ) it was surprising that they could not take the time to get seagal to do the vocal tracks for those sections . there were also very few action sequences that demonstrated seagal 's skills with martial arts . in many ways , this film was more of a slasher flick than an action film . little action , but lots of bloody corpses lying about . i enjoyed black dawn far more , and feel it was a much better made film
books neg 206.txt on our beloved kay scarpetta and the illustrious ms. cornwell ? having been an avid fan of her novels from the very beginning , i simply cannot help but ask myself....is she really writing this stuff ? very slow in the beginning , i began to fear a repeat of the struggle that i endured to finish blowfly . however , this novel does begin to pick up momentum...but not until the reader is halfway through , and certainly not until this author had left me sufficiently disgusted . the storyline finds scarpetta summoned home to the scene of the crime...richmond , virginia , where her previous employer seeks her assistance in unwraveling the mysterious death of a young girl . so scarpetta- --with marino tagging along of course- --heads back to richmond from her new home in florida to offer assistance ; only to find that her old building is being demolished...and that the new one , under the leadership of dr. joel marcus , is sloppy regarding policies and procedures . the demoralization of her former staff by dr. marcus is also unnerving to scarpetta ; and clearly he resents her intrusion . so why has he asked her to come ? meanwhile , lucy , as head of the last precinct , is once again up to her ears in nonsense . for such a brilliant , successful young woman ( as readers have always been lead to believe ) , why must cornwell insist on making her so completely stupid in her literary life ? in this tale she is once again romantically linked with a narcissistic sociopath who also happens to be her employee . worse than the weak storyline , and the fact that this novel is just all over the place , is the author 's disturbingly sterotypical portrayal of african-americans throughout . drug dealers are black , they 're dead of gunshot wounds , and most ludicrous of all is in one instance cornwell references a dead young man 's " conspicuously large organ . " are you kidding me ? the trash collectors are " big dark men " and of course in an upscale neighborhood , the " old black woman " must work in one of the houses . the author 's unbelievably narrow-minded , stereotypical view of other races is disturbing at best , and frankly makes one think that she may just be as stupid from a common sense perspective as lucy . read only if you must , but frankly there are better ways to spend your time . dy
camera neg 705.txt quite unsatisfied with this product and will be returning the 2 i purchased as gifts . in fact , the recipients asked me to return them . main reason , in order for it to be " portable " it requires a special battery that you can only buy from the manufacturer for an additional $30. i already spent $100 , not planning on spending more money . i think photoco needs to rethink their product and improve customer satisfaction .
dvd neg 798.txt ...but the movie was just plain stupid . do n't waste your time
music neg 881.txt i really do n't want to be mean , but i find this album very shallow . classical indian music is a very complex , subtle and beautiful thing . comibining it in this way may help to get these wonderful tabla players to a wider audience , but the true energy has been tainted and lowered to make it palatable to simple-minded people who need westernized electronic and wishy-washy " world music " cliches . i do n't find this music to be uplifting or enlightening or interesting . and this is not coming from a strict old fundamentalist of anything , i have delved deep into the avante guard , minimalism , " new music " , eastern and western music theory , microtonal , etc. i would recomend jsut being a non-westernized album and getting the full benefit of tabla playing . however if your mainstay is jungle / drum&bass , then this would be a step up for you , so go for it , it is worth the pruchase in that case
camera pos 901.txt this is a great buy if you are just wanting to have some fun , with no real investment . although it does go beyond 17 feet , and that is not as far as you may think . but , i used it while snorkeling and the pictures turned out great , and i am sure a few were more than 17 feet .
books pos 263.txt deyoung begins by relating how bush pushed powell out at the end of his 1st term , without the courtesy of even personally discussing it with him ; making matters worse was the fact that bush did n't even know why powell was at the white house when it came time to say " good bye . " colin powell came from jamaican parents ( often called " jewmaicans " by american negroes because of the emphasis they placed on hard work and education ) , and during his early life in the nyc area suffered little , if any , racial prejudice . later on , unfortunately , the insults were quite aggravating , but powell was determined to not let them inhibit his performance . powell was an indifferent student in high school and at ccny ( majored in geology ) ; however , rotc piqued his sophomore-year interest and he soon became a standout . powell went on to be selected outstanding cadet , and top graduate ( or very close ) in every military training setting he undertook , as well as a top mba student at george washington university . he also was top-ranked by superiors in almost every military assignment , leading to his being offered a white house fellowship , which in turn provided powell with travel to russia and china and brought him in contact with a number of influential people who were impressed enough to forward powell onto chairman of the joint chiefs , national security advisor , and secretary of state . one of powell 's " secrets of success " was to enthusiastically implement all orders , even those he considered silly - powell himself believed that doing otherwise grounded the careers of many talented others . unfortunately , powell eventually crossed paths with dick cheney ( a bit of a problem during gulf war i ; a serious problem when cheney became v.p. ) . between cheney 's far-right bias ( " out on the looney fringe " - per powell ) and bush ii 's " disturbingly disjointed " decision-making - per treasury secretary o'neill ) , powell 's contributions as secretary of state were severely limited and constantly undermined and countermanded - often with don rumsfeld 's help . in addition , he was often left out of important decisions , especially when out of the country . ultimately , powell 's credibility suffered from the inaccurate information provided in his u.n. speech attesting to saddam 's wmd . the big question , still debated , is " why did n't he resign ? " his supporters believe the reason is that powell 's nature simply did n't allow anything less than 100% support . bottom line : if cheney had not been such an ideologue ( telling bush there were no candidates good enough to run as his v.p. - ignoring powell , and then sliding into the position himself ) , powell would be v.p. today , possibly president in 2008. similarly , if bush #41 had not been so stubborn and instead replaced quayle with powell in ' 92 , powell might well have become first v.p. , and then president
software pos 110.txt i discovered this software by accident , while window shopping , and i ended up buying it and taking it home . i was able to get it up and running pretty quickly , and was creating my own music right out of the box . of course it takes some time , but this program makes it possible to make some pretty good music in your spare time . add a mic to your computer , and you can pretty much turn your computer into a recording / editing studio , make your own music and burn it to cd . sounic foundry also makes it easy to publish your work to the web , by providing an online community of acid music-makers who review and comment on one anothers ' work . you can also listen to music published by other users . even if you 're just a musical legend in your own living room , this makes it easy and fun to become just that . sound forge also sells music loops on cd especially for acid , but you can find lots of free loops on the web that also work . sound forge also provides weekly samples for free on their acid planet website
camera pos 700.txt i have to get on the bandwagon here . this is a superb little camera , definately five stars ! i also have the tz1 , which showed promise , but has limitations . in my review of the tz1 , i noted it had lots of " noise " and pictures should n't be printed much beyond 4x6 inches if they were to be sharp . i also wanted more manual controls . the tz3 fixes and improves almost everything about the tz1 and adds some new , very useful features . the noise has been drastically reduced , the lens is better , the sensor is bigger , and the processor is not only faster , but produces better pictures . the tz3 adds a very handy " function " button - or i should say function capability - the number of buttons is the same - which gives immediate access to five or so " most used " settings without having to go into the menues - of which there are several . the tz3 keeps the mega optical image stabilization and adds intelligent iso , increases the sensitivity without adding noise , ( i have not tried the 3200 setting yet . ) , increases the size of the viewing screen , etc. , etc. the tz3 is a " well-rounded , " and very capable camera . there is simply no comparison between the tz1 and the tz3 as far as the quality of the pictures . the tz3 wins hands down . in my opinion it also beats some big name , higher priced digicams - a couple of which i own - rather handily . of course , the big selling point for the tz3 is still the 10x lens - now with wide angle capability - on a pocket-sized point and shoot camera . this lens is sharp , and combined with larger sensor and the new processor yields some excellent results . while there are no manual controls , per se , the camera seems to do very well without them . pictures are sharp , exposures seem nicely done ( have n't tried it at night yet , but low light forrest shots were excellent ) , colors were accurate , appropriately saturated , and vivid ( ok . i like the vivid setting . ) , good contrast , etc. there are a variety of af settings , settable focal points , and focus modes . there is also exposure compensation , and exposure bracketing available - and they work well ! the live histogram is a welcome bonus . the tz3 focuses down to about 2 inches in macro mode - again with excellent , sharp results . the tz3 is very well speced out . one nice thing that is gone is the lens cap on the tz1. it was really not to inconvenient , but seemed always to be swinging in the wind to add yet another source of camera shake . the tz3 lens includes an built in lens cover . very welcome . i currently own five top flight digicams ( including this one ) , and have owned about that many others , i am most impressed with this one - for combined convenience and results . it is a quantum step forward . i also have a couple of quite nice , and fairly complete dslr kits . they are wonderful , and in a class by themselves , but when i want very nice pictures and the convenience of a pocketable point and shoot with a 10x , wide angle lens , or a back up for the dslrs , the tz3 is now my camera of choice .
software pos 409.txt i use microsoft streets and trips 2007 in a laptop computer for navigational assistance anytime i 'm traveling to a destination where i 'm not absolutely certain how to get there . in general , i 'm pleased with it 's performance . it has saved me from wrong turns many times . however , the data seems to be as much as five years out of date on many street additions . gps tracking on country roads is inaccurate enough to cause constant " off route " - " back on route " messages as you navigate twists and turns . i suspect , in that case , the map data is just not that accurate
books neg 442.txt if you 've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down , visualizing it , tithing - this book offers no additional insights . and despite his & quot ; official religious disclaimer&quot ; at the beginning of the book , it is packed to the rafters with the author 's own religious dogma . if you share the author 's religious outlook you may like this book , but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading
health neg 675.txt this is a very lousy product ; the lighting around the mirror is absolutely useless ; when you turn the light on , it seems like you 're still looking at the mirror with no light ; awful product ; eventhough it 's cheap but it does n't even worth a dime
books pos 259.txt shakespeare 's life is frustratingly beyond our sight . aside from the plays ( which , in many cases , come down to us in different versions ) , we have a slim scattering of legal documents , marriage and birth records , and vague secondary accounts . as the world 's preeminent shakespeare scholar , greenblatt has managed to assemble all these sources and , with a healthy dose of conjecture , arrive at something resembling a biography of the world 's greatest dramatist . more than that , though , this work is a biography of the age in which shakespeare lived and wrote- --elizabethan and jacobian london- --and how the major events of this time affected shakespeare 's plays . for example , the writing of king lear may have been encouraged by a trial in 1603 in which two sisters tried to have their father declared insane so they could take control of his wealth and estate , while the youngest daughter ( named cordell ) tried to stop them- --a story uncannily similar to what is considered to be the bard 's greatest tragedy . what impressed me the most about this biography is how ordinary shakespeare seemingly was . he did n't seem pretentious or snobbish , as some people envision him . he was born to a humble family and lived frugally , despite dying a rather wealthy man . although greenblatt 's writing is clear and accessible , he makes the assumption that you have already read shakespeare 's plays , or at least are very familiar with them . i have read about two thirds of them and felt a little behind when he discussed plays i had n't read , so if you have n't read more than , say , ten of his plays , the major ones , you need to crack open the norton shakespeare ( of which greenblatt is the editor-in-chief ) before you approach will in the world .
camera neg 917.txt after being an amature photographer via print film , i decided to try a digital camera - though i 've been leary about printing quality . i knew i could n't afford a digital slr , so i opted for a " snap shot " camera that i thought would have enough features to satisfy me . however , after having and using this camera for a year now , i am so disappointed in the performace - the flash is just way too much , its a washout . after being used to print and picture quality in my film slr ( cannon , i might add ) , i was so severely annoyed with the quality of the pictures with this camera , i wish i would have just saved my money for a digital slr .
software pos 107.txt this is a great productbecause once you install ityou need not use the cd agai
books neg 607.txt . . .uninspired and unsatisying . the writing style is austinesque , but the insipid plot and shallow character development are definetly not . margaret 's motives and emotions are obscure , and the author 's assertion that her & quot ; heroine&quot ; has wit and intelligence is never illustrated by word or deed . quite the contrary . .
dvd neg 995.txt after two decades since watching upstairs downstairs , i rashly decided to buy the whole set ! ! ! ! as i watched the first episodes i realized my memory had played a scurvy trick on me ! the melodrama was a bit vulgar and very predictable ! later episodes of the set improved , but not by much ! it was like watching a biplane that did n't quite make it over the trees at the end of the runway . i hope you wo n't make the same mistake i did
dvd pos 809.txt hey...this is a great dvd with great packaging- -definitely one of the best that i 've seen , and there is a lot of extras . definitely a must-have for he-man and she-ra fans ! i just got an e-mail stating that the distributor of he-man will be releasing she-ra on dvd , starting july 11. that release will be " the secret of the sword " and five other episodes deemed most popular by fans . after that , in the fall they will release the complete 93 episodes in three separate volumes within the next 12 months . for anyone who wants to see for themselves , go to tvshowsondvd.com and look at the news for she-ra . i hope you are as excited as i am
software neg 394.txt i 'm an amateur photographer and i use photoshop cs2 for most of my digital editing . i decided i needed a colorimeter based on the recommendations of many books that i have read on digital editing . i had to download an update of the software program before i could start using my spyder . this procedure alone took several hours because i kept getting " error " messages . i ca n't count how many times i unloaded and reloaded the program . i was eventually able to run the program , however , every time i calibrated my one year old emachine crt monitor , it left me with an orange color cast on my screen . i worked with colorvision technical support for many frustrating hours . the technical support person i was working with was very pleasant and really tried to help me . they even mailed me a new sensor because they thought the first one was defective . unfortunately i was unable to get the orange color cast removed from my monitor . after several weeks of trying to get the spyder2 express to calibrate my monitor , i gave up . i just did n't want to spend any more time trying to get it to work so it was returned . i really wanted it to work . i 'm back to using adobe gamma .
health pos 801.txt if you do n't like getting attention , these are not for you . i 'm often surprised by people 's astonished reactions to the act of putting them on and taking them off ; i 'm so accustomed to pulling them apart , that i forget how unusual the viewing public finds it . i have been wearing clics for nearly a year . i pretend that i do n't need glasses , but of course i do and have for nearly a decade . popped the standard diopter lenses out , and put in my bifocal prescription . it worked great , despite a warning from my optical shop . ( and even if they had broken from the experiment , the price is right : i could try it again . ) previously i was wearing glasses on a chain . besides the various difficulties noted by another reviewer , i also found that the plastic loops that connect the chain to the arms of the glasses have a bad habit of stretching . then the glasses slip off the chain at inappropriate times and the frames break . i call the color of mine " magenta " - which may or may not be the same as the online " red " - i bought them in a shop ( **gasp** ) . my short hair is not a problem , but i agree that reading in bed does n't work . so i use a different pair for those occasions
dvd neg 428.txt this particular dvd edition of nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film 's mood . i 'm not sure when this " score " was " written " , although it is far from effective in depicting the time period of the film . nor does it convey the proper mood in many points during the film . with this edition 's music , i got confused at times between what i saw and what i heard , and the whole thing became an unaffective joke after a while . if you want an affective , edge-of-the-seat experience out of nosferatu , i reccomend another edition .
software neg 86.txt if i had $1 for every time a cs2 app crashed and made expend real hours to redo work , i 'd have about $10. and that 's enough for me to say , beware of this set of applications ! adobe has allowed them to get too bloated , too slow , and the results are that all the programs ( but principally golive , indesign and illustrator , in that order ) are crashy and will quite suddenly , forcing you to expend the precious hours of your life redoing work you just finished . i cannot stress how disappointed i am in adobe , and how distraught i am that we as a nation have allowed the only two competing companies to join , thus guaranteeing that there will be less quality and innovation in the future . in any event , do not buy the cs2 apps , adobe does not deserve your support
books pos 588.txt never be sick again offers a major breakthrough in medical thinking regarding health and disease . i am a biochemist doing medical research at ucla . a friend gave me this book to read , and i was very skeptical . after reading it , i could n't stop thinking about what it was saying . i even lost sleep thinking about it . after many weeks , i have come to a conclusion - the author is right . there is only one disease and there are only two causes of disease - revolutionary ! once you understand this simple concept , it changes everything . if your mind is not closed to new ideas , the profound insights in this book will change your life for the better . it will give you the power to both prevent and reverse almost all disease . with this new understanding , from now on , i will approach my research in an entirely different way . c.l
music neg 93.txt i bought this album after hearing america , their single off this album , and listening to the increasing hype about razorlight and johnny borrell being one of the most talented singer-songwriters of his generation . this follow up is a thorough disappointment compared to their first . it 's not bad , but it 's not that good either . the songs all sound like i 've heard them somewhere before , and the lyrics - well , how many times have we heard popstars going on about waiting by the phone , nothing on the radio , and not known what it all meant , while smoking cigarettes late at night . yawn.. .
software pos 354.txt sept 15th , 2005 i bought this for my god-daughter after buying mia 's science adventure . i have never been so impressed with a companies product before . you can learn both spanish and french on the same cd . the graphics are amazing , the adventure is stupendous and now lily ( my god-daughter ) is learning spanish . her level is above all her classmates and she 's even started conversing with a mexican girl in our neighbourhood . well worth your money
books neg 311.txt why use 1 word when 12 will bewilder the reader and make the book that much thicker . i can not believe that a qualified editor reviewed this book . the wheat to chaff ratio is horrendous . you can go whole paragraphs without coming upon anything worth knowing . i can only hope that the actual cisa exam questions are not written as poorly as the sample questions within this book . if you value your time , do not buy this book
software neg 602.txt i should have read these comments before ordering . got an oem cd and a generic jewel box
camera neg 736.txt so i saw that this product got 5 stars , so i ordered it......when i got it , its like " um.. . is that it ? ? ? " it 's really cute , and really well made , but it has no where to hold my usb cord or memory cards.. . also , there is no hp embroidered in the front like the picture has it , also , the strap that i got is really cracked and does not look good at all.. . other than that , it 's cute , but not the best out there .
camera pos 855.txt i really enjoy my photosmart r725. it 's small , easy portable , takes wonderful photos , and is very versatile in terms of settings . i just have one thing i do n't like about it , and that 's the fact that there is no viewfinder . there is an lcd screen on the back which acts as a viewfinder , but it 's hard to see in bright sunlight , and i 'm afraid that it will eventually become scratched beyond use . for now , it 's great but i 'm not sure how it will hold up for the long run . at the same time , it 's not spendy , so it might be worth it
health neg 437.txt i got the fusion razor in the mail a few weeks ago so i decided to give it a try . at first it seemed ok , but i started noticing that it pulled at the hair on my face more than my mach 3 turbo . i decided to experiment and shave half of my face with a mach 3 turbo and the other half with the fusion . from my experience , the mach 3 turbo gave a closer shave , and glided much smoother across my skin than the fusion . i think the 5 blades on the fusion are more of a gimmick than anything else . and as cool as the single trimming blade is , it seems like gillette had to include this because of the poor accuracy of having 5 blades . in other words , the single blade is a fix rather than a feature . my call is if your using a mach 3 turbo , do n't waste your money on the fusion
music pos 101.txt this is jewel 's first cd and i enjoyed it especially foolish games and you were meant for me . i ca n't wait for her latest
music pos 312.txt for any seasoned fans of the waifs ( or anyone out there with a predilection for folksy girl duets sporting brilliant guitar skills and voices to boot ) , ' shelter me ' will be no departure - -and no disapointment - - from what you 've heard before . the album weighs heavily on the waifs accoustical appeal . the majority of the songs carry themselves without backbeat or excessive instrumentation - - mostly it 's just the girls , their guitars , and the usual , typically wonderful songwriting that comes from josh cunningham , the third member of this stellar folk ensemble . the title track ' shelter me ' is a gorgeous , magnificently charged piece that will leave you reeling , " take me now where shelter be / before there 's nothing left of me . " vikki 's final track ' spotlight ' is a pure gem , emotional and raw but utterly beautiful . ' attention ' finishes the album well with that familliar waify energy and pulse , almost blue grass , almost country , but totally wonderful .
dvd pos 906.txt in sanskrit , ayurveda means the study of life . according to ancient hindu texts , all healing systems stem from ayurvedic medicine . this ancient ayurveda series dvd , led by sarah tomlinson with clarity and insight , provides a blueprint for increasing self-awareness through the use of asana , symbol and metaphor . tomlinson , acts like a loving guide to going inward and discovering new self-truths . to effectively bring about change in our bodies and minds , we must change habitual patterns in the body . the poses in the series takes us through a full range of challenging movements , and tomlinson illuminates the wisdom of this practice by brilliantly threading together how the poses evoke certain states of mind and spirit . filmed against a simple , soothing background , tomlinson wisely avoids distracting bells and whistles . instead , the accompanying chanting by ayurveda master gandharva , directly relates to the series in it 's use of each of the planetary mantras . tomlinson 's has a great depth of knowledge about ayurveda , and she weaves many subtle suggestions and information about the benefits of each pose into the practice . this dvd is appropriate for beginner and advanced student : beginners will feel supported and encouraged , as well as exhilirated by the practice , and more experienced students will appreciate the multi-level aspect of tomlinson 's class . l . landau , teacher and student
books pos 168.txt it shows the power of god and what he wants to do in our lives if we 'll simply obey him . how many rhees howells has god raised up but because they would n't walk with him , god was n't able to use them . i would say this is a terrifying book because i know this is something that god wants from every believer . let 's walk with jesus and see what he wants to do in our lives . regardless of our age or function in the body of christ , we can all be prayer warriors . will you ( and will i ) be warriors in the prayer closet ? that 's one the important questions that jesus is asking his church in these last days
health neg 122.txt i 've got a small bit of hardwood space in my apartment , and i figured this would suit my mopping needs . it hasn't . even after sweeping the area multiple times prior to using the wetjet , i 've found that it does n't really pick any dirt up . what i wind up with is a polished floor with a lot of small piles of dirt everywhere . i 'm even using the " special " hardwood floor solution - it is n't making a difference . i do n't recommend this product for anything other than polishing a floor ( and there are probably better solutions for that as well )
dvd neg 363.txt the problem with this film is i read the book . i was disappointed simply because ` be cool ' is an obvious showcase for the musical talent . the overly long dance sequence with john travolta and uma thurman is a prime example . somewhere the bulk of the story was lost- -and there are some very- -very good characters appearing in the film that would 've been more intersing if somebody would 've said , " hey , do n't forget the book ! " but being true to the original source is not hollywood 's strong suit . " be cool " provides some popular music , some known faces , but without john travolta , the movie would never have been made . a few laughs are provided . a couple ironic scenes show up , but there 's too little to sustain a full-length feature . basically , the project is a disservice to everyone involved . some of the characters are so thin- -face it- -poor christina milian as linda moon , is reduced to being a voice that sways when she sings- -a clich . the rock does the best he can but again , ` he 's a gay bodyguard ; ' he 's the brunt of insulting jokes offered up by a raji , his boss [vince vaughn] , who , in the book , is far more sinister- -but in the film he 's an idiot . of course chili is chili . travolta does a very nice job , and chili 's obviously the smartest guy in the room . uma thruman 's performance is , well , not funny- -not serious , not intense- -not much- - at best , she made me shrug . i do like what harvey keitel did with nick carr , but there 's just not enough , and all the negatives reflect completely on the director . enough said there . my advice , watch ` get shorty'again , or read ` be cool . '
software neg 10.txt i installed a perfectly legal upgrade of photoshop cs2. it worked fine for a handful of months , and then it quit . technical support was of no help . i had to reformat my hard drive and essentially rebuild my entire machine . i am so frustrated about this . i probably spent 100 hours with the data backup , moving data , reformatting , and reinstalling . if i were a small business , i would be out of business . all because this piece of crap program , which i purchased legally , decided to quit . totally unacceptable
books neg 875.txt this is for beginners , it 's filled with useless forms , and it provides very little information beyond a common-sense and reasoned approach to real estate . surely there must be better resources than this
music neg 317.txt as long as artists keep making albums with only one good song , people will keep getting them for free in internet . nestor keeps insisting in doing instrumental hip hop , pop , commercial , elevator music . if you like that kind of music , buy this cd , otherwise buy hubert laws , or dave valentin among others . if you want to listen to good nestor music , buy " morning ride " , " dance of the phoenix " , " talk to me " , " mi alma latina " or the charanga album " mis canciones primeras " . sorry nestor , i am a big fan of your music but you are wasting your talent doing this kind of stuff . when do you plan to make a good non commercial latin jazz album
books pos 3.txt as a casual piano player and a broadway fanatic , i was so jazzed to play some of the songs from avenue q . the book contains everything you find on the cd and includes a few production photos . of course the little details are fun , using terms like " manilowesque " " huey-lewis shuffle " " prissy sonata " and " funky a** groove " to describe some of the songs . fun fun fu
health neg 339.txt i was excited to try these because i liked the idea of getting my son something that let him put his legs together . i am tired of seeing him so bowlegged due to the diapers . and since i like the other huggies styles , i was very enthused . until i went through 5 diapers , everyone of which leaked . leaking of urine was the biggest problem but after a bm came out the legs , i gave up . i tried everything possible to make these work , but they leak . maybe in the smaller sizes , but size 5 on a 22 month old definitely did not work . also , my son is in 50% percentile for height and weight , so skinny legs were not the problem . no more natural fit / hugflex for us
health pos 491.txt these were a great deal and they are the only diapers , other than cruisers , that my son does n't leak through .
music neg 725.txt knuff respect to public enemy , they are one of the few groups in hip-hop history who 've provided fans with ill beats and consciouss lyrics . with that said , this single blows . it 's trash . the beats are trash , chuck d and flavor flav do n't rap , the dvd is just them hanging out in some clubs . it 's a shame , legends such as public enemy are far above this remedial single . if you want to hear their best worx , go and buy fear of a black planet , or it takes a nation of millions to hold us back . you wo n't be dissapointed. .
software neg 716.txt i could be home in bed . but i 'm fing around trying to undo the install of the biggest mistake i 've made to date...purchasing , tossing money in the toilet for nero7. the damage and the time it 's taken to recover is about 20 times it 's cost . useless . i ca n't copy a disk . i ca n't burn and image . what 's the deal ? ? ? all the negative stuff i 've read true . unfortunately after i paid for nero7 before reading what others have to say . what really puzzles me is who all the folks are that are writing all the wonderful reviews ? employees of ahead ? keep your distance or you 'll be sorry
books neg 403.txt i have read several of hiaasen 's books and loved them . they were very funny . this one is not . it is an endless description of naked strippers . i found the main character , erin , to be very unappealing . she is just so stupid . her problems are all of her own creation . and she is not funny . i think you have to be a man to like this book . i , as a woman , just found it exceedingly boring . i kept waiting for it to get funny . it never did
music pos 895.txt the original jack johnson lp was my favourite miles record . i also had an expensive japanese cd but all this would not prepare me for what i discover here . over these cds one discovers the original sessions from which the record was made . this is simply wonderful . ok sometimes it takes quite a bit of patience to sit trhough all this but it is worth the time
books neg 869.txt this book has too many errors . there is nothing more frustrating than to follow the steps outlined and find out it does not work because they did not q&a the examples . ie . they ask you to select a field from the table , but the field does not exist . the stored procedure does not include it . you would have to know how to write sql to correct this
software pos 327.txt i do television editing for my church and i dabble alittle at home . i have many editing programs that i use for music and video editing of home movies from cams and 8mm.i had nero 6 and it was ok , but nero7 ultra ( enhanced ) has taken the place of all the other programs . it is my primary editing suite for music and videos . for music i can make changes to songs for skating programs where i would have to send out to have words removed or create a cd for pleasure.this program is remarkable , there are still somethings i have not yet used , this was the best but in this type of program for under $800.00 that is how much the programs that we use in the studio starting price is . buying this program will be a great investment .
health pos 859.txt i found this product to be very unique , and helpful , in that i could quickly remove & retain the glasses around my neck . being far-sighted , i have come to need reading glasses , and these are perfect for my needs . i can look ' down ' through them , and look ' over the frame ' for distance , all while they are secured around my head and neck . i do hiking , using a gps device , and these glasses allow me to look down at the gps device in my hand , while also looking forward towards my path of travel . thank you for the innovative product
software neg 743.txt i bought this product to assist in recovery , but i tried to recover a program and it would not work . does real well on a complete recovery but do not expect a partial . works well on recovery of my stuff
music neg 911.txt wen i bouht dis cd i thought is waz my holmes on it but it was jus sum dude wid a big azz hoodie and hat . when i put dis in my playa it was broken the rappers , main peter , voice sounded liek a blender . dah turntables sound like my moms bong a bubblin damn nigga was my favorite track but that was n't on dis cd . i wish i had da real copy and not da malufunked up one . peace out dawg keep it real and stay won wid dah underdawgzz
software pos 149.txt works fine . like several other office packages lacks database program , access
music neg 850.txt the track selection is fine and okay , but the track order is bad . no flow ! proving that he just took popular tracks that other big djs are spinning and sold an album without a smile . the mixing is terrible and abrupt , its basically not mixing . no art there .
books pos 804.txt if it 's an animation career you 're aiming for , do n't set your sights without consulting your career in animation : how to survive and thrive . animation is now a big-ticket industry to be in offering big opportunities for new artists - but conversely , it offers far more complexities than in the past . 100 professionals from the industry provide their tips and experiences through interviews with an award-winning filmmaker , creating a comprehensive guide that follows a career from school to the real world . from networking tactics to unemployment and learning on the job , your career in animation is the perfect item of choice for any who dream of breaking into the business . diane c . donovan california bookwatch
software neg 756.txt if you buy this be sure to set a restore point before installing . this may work if you have never installed any other anti-virus software . this is not for a novice computer user to install unless maybe you are installing on a brand new computer . after uninstalling norton ( my previous anti virus software ) i installed kapersky and immediately had total system lockup with warning message from windows ( the old blue screen of death ) saying a serious problem had occurred and if i had recently installed new hardware or software to uninstall it . which i did , then logged onto the kapersky forum and was told to download a norton removal tool and run it and then reinstall . i did this and still ended up with total lockup and warning message . after three tries i gave up . luckily i had set restore points and was able to get my system back and am now back to using norton . according to the forum there are also problems if you have installed mcafee . i am running windows xp . since i never got to use it i ca n't judge whether it has any value .
books neg 970.txt the best thing about this book is its table of contents . in second place is the preface . and then it 's all downhill . if you want to buy a list of topics in electronic communications , with brief summaries that explain absolutely nothing whatsover in any great ( or even little ) detail , and you really have no other use for your hard earned $100.00+ dollars , then please go ahead and buy this book . if however , you value your cash , and would rather buy a book that rather than insulting your intelligence , at least attempts in good faith to teach you something , then please , do n't fall for the marketing ploy of the title " rf microelectronics " . because there 's very little " rf " and even less " microelctronics " in this text . here 's a taste of the marketing ploy from the very first line of the preface : " the annual worldwide sales of cellular phones has exceeded $2.5b . " do i see dollar signs in your eyes ? i thought so . do n't fall for the trap . if you want to learn a thing or two about rf electronics theory as well as detailed explanations of what the job of each individual component ( like a capacitor here or a resistor there ) in a communication circuit is , then buy : modern electronic communication ( 9th edition ) by gary m. miller . the miller book 's 9th edition is coming out soon . even with 992 pages of text , it costs only $60.00. i believe razavi 's book should never have been published because frankly , it 's not a book at all . why it 's still in print ( though stuck at first edition for nearly 10 years ) , is completely beyond any sane person 's comprehension
books pos 981.txt reading late james - particularly " the golden bowl " - often strikes me as being similar to reading a novel in a foreign language whose vocabulary you have mastered but whose grammar remains partially a mystery . anyone who has attempted this will recognise the sensation of understanding all the words , yet not understanding how they fit together . you read a sentence two , three or five times , and it is only then that you understand , if at all , the meaning of all the words combined . sometimes the meaning never becomes clear . " late james " is a foreign language , but one in which i have become more fluent over the years . when i first read " the golden bowl " some years ago i understood very little and did not enjoy it . the long , convoluted sentences , with so many things only half spoken - and often never spoken at all - seemed a vast and elaborate machine which never seemed to produce enough to justify its own existence . yet now , having read most of james over the intervening years , i have become more fluent in his language , and find the circumlocutions , complexities and ellipses of the " late style " , if not exactly crystal clear , then certainly much clearer , and even rather comforting and enjoyable . the subtle discriminations , the way james holds up to the light tenuous motives and turns them slowly - very slowly - so that their hidden facets become , fleetingly , visible ; the very real portrayal of interesting characters that james reveals ; as well as the languorous , unpredictable turns of a jamesian sentence - all offer the kinds of pleasures that no other writer ( possibly excepting proust ) is able to produce . " the golden bowl " consists largely of conversations , some continuing over many , many pages . the content of those conversations would , for most writers , comprise the details between the main actions of the plot ; and for most writers , those conversations would occupy , at most , a few pages . but for james , it is the interstices between big events , the dramas , not so much of everyday events , but of the subtle daily manipulations , the unspoken victories and losses of personal relationships , which interest him and which comprise the novel . the subject of " the golden bowl " is the reciprocal marriages of father and daughter , to a pair of former lovers . the novel is about the tensions and deceptions , and the manipulations , that arise as a result . who knows what about whom ? who is responsible for what actions ? who is deceiving whom , and who has the moral authority as a consequence ? ultimately , who , if anyone , triumphs , and is their victory a hollow one ? these are the sorts of questions james is concerned with . " the golden bowl " rates as a great novel - one of the greatest of the twentieth century - because of these qualities as well as its ambiguities . it is also an enjoyable novel , but to enjoy it you must first be sympathetic to the sorts of concerns james is interested in , and you also need to be conversant in his distinctive language . both of these require - or at least i would recommend - first reading james ' earlier and middle period works . for most of us , late james can be a struggle , but one which is justified by its rewards . i do n't regard reading " the golden bowl " as an exercise only for academics , pretentious aesthetes or literary masochists , but i sympathise with those who do . giving " stars " to a james novel seems a little inappropriate ( he is beyond these kinds of simplistic judgements ) , but i have given " the golden bowl " four stars , because there are times when it strains the patience even of those who admire the writing style and enjoy the late james novels , and i prefer " the ambassadors " or " the wings of the dove " . nevertheless , " the golden bowl " is one of the great novels in english and is highly recommended to anyone who has read and enjoyed james ' other novels .
health neg 638.txt i have not tried the product yet as it is a stocking stuffer for my four year old . the ad displays four soaps when in fact you only receive one . i would not have purchased one bar of soap had i have known .
software neg 540.txt i recently upgraded to ms vista and ms office 2007 and i upgraded to the vista version of pdf converter pro 4. big , big mistake ! ! the program installed some sort of pdf " add-in " to ms office that caused excel , word , and outlook to crash . as soon as you opened one of the programs it would give an error message and close . it took hours on the phone with microsoft to figure out and correct the problem ( thanks microsoft ! ) . however , i got zero help from nuance , they wanted to charge me to even report a problem ! beaware you will not get technical support with nuance products ! before i upgraded , i used pdf converter pro at home whereas at work i used adobe pro . there is no comparison , pdf converter pro while considerably cheaper , does not do near as good a job of producing pdf files . i 'm still looking for something that works but is cheaper than adobe .
health pos 427.txt this razor is fantastic . the gel pieces are very soft and keep even my dry skin from being too bad ! ! the only problem i had with it was the gel parts do n't last quite as long as a bottle of shaving cream / gel would . but if you are looking for a quick , handy and yet still good shave , this is exactly what you are looking for
books pos 573.txt good basic book , bringing back points i had been taught , and a few new to me . price most reasonable .
software neg 633.txt if , like myself , you have many dx and vst plug-ins installed on your system , then audition 2.0 is definitely not the choice with you . somehow , the idiots who made this junk have made it completely incompatible with 3rd-party plugs such as waves diamond bundle . oddly enough , this was not a problem in earlier editions of audition , or its former incarnation , cooledit . but now , audition crashes irrevocably when trying to use many vst and dx plugs ( except , of course , the ones made by adobe themselves . ) bottom line ? this software is crap . absolute crap . if you 're serious about audio production , go with wavelab . heck , even free multitrack audio software like kristal works better than this . if , for some reason , you absolutely need audition , then go with an earlier , more stable version , such as 1.5. 2.0 is about as useful as a football bat .
music pos 487.txt the music intelligentia probably wo n't like james morrison 's new album because almost everybody else will love it . bourgeois = uncool . however , if you just listen and feel this album , even if you have snobbish tendencies , it will move you . enjoy this amazing new album . i am
software pos 670.txt quickbooks lives up to it 's reputation of being the one-size-fits-all small business book keeping software . it does what you want it to do . i like the feature of being able to easily sent e-mail invoices . if you need the software right away it is just as cheap at the office supply stores
dvd neg 440.txt this joe d'amato film takes the women in prison genre one step deeper into the abyss of sleaze , bordering on pornography . the plot , or lack thereof , is typical : woman goes into jail undercover to unearth the guards corruption . to make the film last 80 minutes , joe d'amato fills the story with lesbianism , vile tortures , naked women in rat infested sewers , and plenty of gratuitous sex . i gave this movie 1 star because there is no option for a 0 star rating . even hardcore fans of euro sex queen laura gemser will find this one a total bore
software pos 92.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone
books neg 664.txt as a beef eating hindu i am very much interested in finding how cows became holy for hindus and beef a forbidden thing to eat . i browsed through this book in a book store and found it to be very disappointing . first , it appeared to be intended more for creating controversy than for informational purposes . it clearly had a bias which turned me off . second , i am generally up-to date on current issues and remembered that it did not generate all that controversy as mentioned on the cover of the book . there were some rumblings but nothing of the sort described on the covers ( " the government of india demands be ritually burned " ) . later i searched on google with the book title and words " ban " , " government of india " and found no news reports relating any government of india attempts at banning this book . there were no reports on ban by allahabad high court either . all i found were book reviews on the book and other articles written mainly by political commentators known for their leftist opinions . third , i found some material on internet on how the author misinterpreted much of the scriptures to support his conclusions . it basically left me disappointed and i am still searching for some reliable and accurate material on this matter .
camera pos 589.txt i have a wall hung plasma tv with speakers from my surround system mounted on either side . i was able to locate all the receivers in another room for a super clean installation . the hot pro ir target is very sensitive ! ! initially i had the hot pro " box " too close to another tv and the blue indicator light was always on . if it 's glowing , you need to move something . once the indicator is n't lit but flashes when you use your remote , it works flawlessly
books neg 142.txt mcmurry 's text is a very friendly , gentle intro to organic . it 's a thoroughly enjoyable read , but it does n't teach you what you need to know . explanations for important mechanisms are usually very brief , and the problems included are usually very basic and general ( the spectroscopy and synthesis problems , in particular ) . if you 're looking to become a chemist , this is not the book to learn from . i 'd recommend vollhardt and schore 's textbook , or any number of sophomore-level texts that will give you the skills you need to approach complicated problems more successfully ( i.e. , on exams or out in the industry )
health pos 443.txt great price , free shipping....basically...i love it ! ! i placed my order on sunday and got it 8:00 a.m. tuesday morning...i highly recommend this seller...i will definitely continue to buy from this seller myself. .
health neg 329.txt first , know this , it is a trimmer not a shaver ! with the included height attachment , your bound to have a little fuzz still left . without the attachment , you get closer results , but still very visible hair lines . i am quite disapointed with the product , because it runs on two aaa batteries , the motor is nearly powerful enought and will lock up sometimes when cutting hair in different angles . this lock up rips the hair out of your skin and sometimes even cuts you . i would certainly not recommend this product , but might be necessary if you 'll be traveling and need a small portable trimmer that will get more results than just letting your hair grow wild .
dvd pos 838.txt i have read many reviews stating that this remake is inferior to the orginal version of 1968. granted , that version is marvelous . i have bought both versions and love them both . ok , it is difficult not to compare when watching . but i ca n't help wondering : if this version would have been the first i or anybody watched instead of the 1968 version , if people would have been complaining about that version ? i can have different versions of vivaldi 's four seasons ca n't i ? actually for those among us who love classical music and opera it is quite common to have several versions of the same musical piece and enjoy them all ( and i do understand that people can have preferences for one or the other ) . we would never say this or that piece is a remake of that version , would we ? i have gone to the opera numerous times and watched don giovanni three times . every time with different performers . remake ? absolutely not . i think that the only reason one would have made this version of lion in winter is the wish to make it , because is such a great play . so , logically this would not be a remake ! why ca n't we watch this version for what it is and let go of the other ( splendid 1968 ) version when doing so ? that done , i must say i understand why alais is in love with king henry . patrick stewart is a very fine actor and has magnificent voice which he uses very well . he is a very good match to close 's queen . i did not care for richard , i thought he was not commanding enough , bit whiny . i think john is a difficult part to play to say the least and i did n't care for him either , too much the idiot . geoffrey on the other hand is really conniving and very good . king philippe : too much a boy , although he has moments when the interaction with king henry makes him interesting . alais:good enough . which of the versions do i prefer ? that is difficult . i have highly enjoyed both . i think the 1968 version has a sharper edge because of hepburn and i prefer her to close . this version has a more emotional and sometimes romantic ( alais and henry ) approach . i definitely prefer stewart to o'toole , who seemed too young for the role . i liked the way stewart made us see henry 's self confindence in his plans and his pleasure in manipulating and scheming ( that is , until the end , when things turn out the wrong way and you see hem falling apart ) . o'toole had a very serious approach all the time . on the other hand : anthony hopkins and timothy dalton were both splendid . i think overall that the 1968 version has a better supporting cast . which of the versions i watch , depends on the mood i am in . i think they are both good in their own way .
dvd pos 942.txt this is a thuroughly enjoyable movie ; a pleasure to watch . the acting , characters , and story are entirely plausible , and there is no grandstanding by primadonna actors , nor is there any of hollywood 's usual political preachiness ( especially unusual considering robert redford 's backing ) . the only downside to the dvd is that it is full-screen , and not letterboxed . the " bonus features " are somewhat lack-luster as well , and the menu system is laughable . only one actor 's credits have been updated since the movie was released , and the credits section is a token gesture at best . still , this is one of those cases where it is cheaper to buy the movie than rent it twice
health neg 57.txt frankly suggest not to buy..will regret a lot after buying. . ooooo...aaaa.....ouchhhh.....tooo painful and hair starts growing in a weeek...and taking very loooooooooooooong timeee to finish one hand. . **************************dont buy********************
software neg 267.txt i tried unsuccessfully several times to install it . i contact their alleged support . they sent me what they deemed a " fix " . the fix was awful . it caused my computer to crash and print shop would never work . broderbund used to be a good company but i 've had nothing but problems with their software of late . they need to rethink their products , their support , and their company focus . they are lousy at this point . they obviously do n't give a dang about quality , support , or their customers
camera neg 566.txt hi , i have had the vdr-d300 for about 6 months now . i have never gotten a recording session to last more than about 20 min . the camcorder constantly locks up , usually after about 10 min . this is on a full battery - the unit never gets even to a battery alarm . several times the reset button nor the reset proceedure per the manual works . i must have a faulty unit . i 'm investigating repair . the unit has a great lens , camera , and video image , but my unit is not stable at all
camera pos 538.txt the panasonic pv-gs500 was discontinued in late 2006 in anticipation of panasonic 's new 2007 models which will be available in the spring . the pv-gs500 is compact , delivers stunning video in moderate lighting and above , has a lot of features that will appeal to the aspiring pro-sumer videographer . it lacks an audio output jack , which many will fault it for . it does have a separate microphone jack . the menu is driven by a toggle and is easy to use . it is reall aimed at the casual videographer who wants superb quality in a compact , uncomplicated package and it delivers precisely that . low-light performance is poor , but there is an accessory shoe , so you can mount an auxillary light . i would suggest getting an accessory bracket that provides two or three accessory shoes so you can use both a shotgun microphone and an auxillary light for weddings , parties and other group events . battery life is about what you would expect , so carrying one or two spare batteries is recommended . all in all , a very nice 3ccd camcorder for the advanced amateur or just someone who wants superb image quality in an easy-to-use package . jerr
books neg 690.txt this is a decent book on photographing artwork - - but not the the most comprehensive . the strengths of this book are that mr. saddington ( 1 ) discusses the use digital media , and ( 2 ) makes the process of photographing artwork very user-friendly by providing great visual references throughout . the user-friendly aspect is the book 's strongest selling point , especially for artists who are new or novices at photography , or visually oriented ( i.e. , no patience for reading instructions that come with few or no pictures ) . mr. saddington 's book provides pictures of what makes a bad negative exposure / photograph , and provides a concise explanation for these results , and does the same for an example of a good negative exposure / photograph . he also provides illustrations of setting up equipment and artwork for photographing . the weakness of this book lies in the general details provided ... unfortunately , mr. saddington provides a limited amount of helpful hints and leaves out specific details for for problem shooting ... i base this opinion on my comparison of this book with a book called & quot ; photographing your artwork&quot ; by russell hart . if you buy mr. saddington 's book , i 'd recommend supplementing it with the purchase of mr. hart 's book . the two books complement each other . where mr. saddington 's book lacks in details , mr. hart 's book fills in the information gaps . on the other hand , mr. hart 's book is very text heavy and has very few illustrations ... so if you 're a visually-oriented person , mr. saddington 's book would easily compensate in the area of illustrating this very important process . again , mr. saddington 's book is decent , but it should be used as a supplemental reference , especially for the visually-oriented person
books neg 873.txt the premise put forth in the title is supported by some keen insights into " leadership by calling " and comparisons to it with " modern leadership theory . " les csorba writes about the danger of pursuing results without compassion ; a point with which i agree . unfortunately , some of the examples he chooses are questionable.. . after warning about the danger of weak character in powerful leaders , csorba chastises german chancellor schroeder for turning back on some promises to george w bush regarding the war on terrorism and then goes on to deride him for his four wives . meanwhile he praises jack welch for going from neutron jack to a gentler jack ( which jack says he would abandon if needed ) while still making the " tough " decisions that got the " results " for the shareholders . jack can change is mind and go back to compassionless results.. . ok . also , there is no mention that jack was getting results with his personal secretary whilst the wife was at home.. . unfortunately the theme in csorba 's examples becomes one of bashing the mistakes of democrats and forgiving the sins of the republicans . he does sprinkle in some condemnation for a few wrong-minded republicans in a meek attempt at balance . it 's a shame that he turned this into a politcally tainted work . it started off so well . it started off well even though it will turn off readers who are not people of faith as faith is central precept to this book . it also started off well even though he chose to make george w bush the role model for how to be a trust-able leader . unfortunately this conservative / political bent turned an even harder right from there and kept going . it kept going to the point that i could no longer plan on sharing this book with some folks i know who really need it . they would simply say its a bush-ie / right-winger book and dismiss the valuable and otherwise soundly argued premise . too bad . csorba almost had a classic instead of a politically tainted leadership manual . i say this even though i am republican , am one of the few folks who would admit they were voting for bush before the election , am a person of faith , and tend to find the dems an easy target . but this book was supposed to be about so much more than republican politics . too bad
camera pos 873.txt before i get k10d , i experienced with olympus e-500 , canon xti , nikon d80. i used olympus e-500 to take lots vivid color pictures that i love very much , but no water resistance and no second display window , also only 3 focus point makes it not so enjoyable . same thing happen to canon xti , no water resistance and no second display window make it little hard to use when you need to change settings . the nikon d80 is a great camera but also have no water resistance and shake reducer build in on camera , the color tone of d80 is n't the kind that i would love . finally i bought pentax k10d , the feeling of the body , the water resistance , shake reducer , auto dust remove , vivid color tone , etc...makes me feel the k10d is the way to go . only complaint would be the limited edition lens are hard to get . get it while you can
software pos 399.txt have used taxcut for years and this version does not disappoint . the import of previous year data worked well and my tax return was quickly prepared
camera pos 50.txt i was able to use the canon ef 1.4x ii extender for some nature photography recently in wyoming . i shot elk in low light conditions so i was shooting pretty much wide open . the extender did not compromise the inherent sharpness of the lens at all . you could see the hairs on the animals heads . it 's fantastic
health neg 569.txt ok...received this item last night...used once , and in the process realized i was pointing a laser beam on my skull . given the directions say 3 times a week , 15 minutes per , i would have to do this for a long time with no proven results...save yourself the time...do this...go to google and type in " forum and hairpro " . you will find next to nothing regarding information for this product . i made an impulse purchase getting sucked in to the exploitation...after further research even the top rated hairmaxx brush selling for $500 has mixed results on the online forums . not to mention that viatek had spelling errors in the pamphlet that came with the product...if they do n't have the time to make sure all is spelled right in the manual , how much time did they spend creating the actual product . the box had a date of 2005 and there was dust all over it . these lasers may work , but with all the research i did ( after the purchase ) results seem minimal for all the work that needs to be done . i felt ridiculous using the thing too . i am just annoyed because again i got sucked into a new gimmick for something that companies can exploit in individuals .
software pos 429.txt this ' game ' is awesome , if you like sims.. . do not buy this if your goal is to enjoy a leisurely drive once in a while . ' playing ' it is hard work and requires your full concentration . great tutorials to teach you how to drive on a track ( it is *very* different from taking the family car for a spin ) . i got it with my logitech g25 ( an awesome ffb wheel ) . i think these two were made for each other .
music pos 952.txt i first heard dan singing background vocals on the jackson browne album " late for the sky " . i was 16. i went out and bought this album ( which i still have ! ! ) even though i had never heard it . i had the pleasure of seeing dan open for the eagles at the spectrum in support of this album in phila , in 1974 ; i was a junior in high school . they all joined in on " best of my love " and it just blew mw away . he had this really interesting piece of cloth on his piano . few people had heard of him prior to this album . this is by far his best album . it is more rock and roll than the rest of his sappy later work in the 80 's and a true songwriting gem . i can remember singing " morning sky " in my friend 's ford on the way to school . you have to listen to it over and over. . " someone 's been tellin ' you stories " had a sly sexual rhyme in it that was not played on radio at that time . the musicianship on this album only serve to enhance the quality of the songwriting . this was the most raw of dan 's albums , and by ar , the most superior . sadly , dan is now fighting advanced prostate cancer ( check out his website ) . let 's hope he will make a full recovery and record and tour again soon . this is a must have for anyone who is a fan of any 1970 's rock and roll .
camera neg 397.txt i have an r717 camera . i bought the dock too . each one comes with a battery and the batteries look identical . hp labels both as an r07 battery but the l1812a has squared edges running logitudinally and this feature makes it very difficult to remove from the camera . the other battery is the l1812b and is identical in every way except its edges are rounded and that makes enough difference to allow it to easily slide out of the camera . i bought a " clone " battery ( not hp ) and its edges are rounded too . maybe hp could explain the difference . just thought you would like to know
health pos 310.txt ... i purchased this item to remove some debris off my camcorder lens and found it to do the job very nicely . the microfiber texture feels nice - a little beady , but soft and textured . using it was easy , i just wiped the lens in a circular fashion with light pressure and eventually the debris was gone . ( some fingerprints and what appeared to be a scratch but was n't ) the packaging is a little subpar though . it comes in a plastic bag which you tear open at the bottom to slide the cloth out . however doing so leaves adhesive residue , which the cloth then sticks to and you have to tear it off , making those sections of the cloth appear phyically different - a bit roughed up i 'd say . this is poor design as the packaging says to store the cloth inside the bag when not in use to avoid contamination , so i used a scissor to cut the bottom of the bag with the adhesive residue off . i 've yet to machine wash it , but so far it works well . it 's just a cheap lens cleaning cloth after all
dvd neg 741.txt ...this movie is a dud . who 'd have thought that john wayne and the director of " support your local sherrif " would have joined forces for this stinker ! the characterization hints at being good , but really its character actors doing what they do best - being good support characters . its a good thing to because the duke really just mailed this one in . first - what this movie does well : -ann margaret is good and she looks great dressed up like a cowboy . -the supporting cowboy characters literally steal the show . -it is interesting that the bad guys chasing ann margaret and john wayne and his cast of cronies are never ever seen close up until the very end . when you get to the end , you learn why , but it works well to keep them faceless . -the last 10 minutes is good - top notch with a twister of an ending . however , what is wrong with the movie is stronger than what is right : -john wayne is absolutely uninspired - he is just a cardboard version of himself - a cranky , mean man who they rarely even try to develop as a character - and when they do , it seems very , very clunky . -at least 20 minutes of this movie consists of long-distance shots of people riding horses . sometimes , they ride over hills , sometimes they ride through valleys . we get 4 separate long shots of them crossing a wide pond that is supposed to be the rio grande ( the border with mexico ) . fill in this time with some character development ! some dialogue ! anything ! -the character actors keep referring to other events in the past that sound a lot more interesting than this movie . all in all , it seems like this was the rough draft of a great script that was rushed to film just so john wayne could have another movie in the theaters . too bad , a crack team of writers could have made it something special . my suggestion , get " cowboys " or either of the two " rooster cogburn " movies or " support your local sherrif " and see this actor and this director doing much better work !
dvd neg 3.txt i suppose it 's alright if you like overlong musicals focusing on maniacal , manipulative mothers
dvd neg 755.txt unable to view because of incompatible format ( as you warned me ! ) however , my ancestor james mclintock of barnsley , yorkshire , england sent john wayne an eiderdown quilt for making the film ( which is why i wanted the dvd ) so.... .
camera neg 276.txt i got mine today , and it is being returned today . i had high hopes , given the reviews so far and the supposed improvement in low light sensitivity . i was hoping for an all-in-one device for stills and video . here 's my results : 1 ) stills . pictures are not too bad , but do not compare with a similar 7mp canon sd500 which i own . the zoom works well , focusing is ok , but slow . the pictures themselves have quite a bit of noticeable noise in them , flash or not , like they are all taken at a high iso setting on a regular digital cam . so slight disappointment here . 2 ) video . if this is improved low light sensitivity , i would not have liked to see the results on the hd1 ! video does not even come close to comparing to my regular sony dv camera . focusing is hit or miss , and shake is much more evident at high zoom than with my sony . i really was hoping for the be all end all combo device , but the hd2 does neither very well . ergonomically it is beautiful and fits in one hand very well . the finish is great and the buttons are well placed . but it does n't justify the price or quality misses on the photos and video themselves
software pos 711.txt microsoft office pro 2003 edition is a good product . it installed easily over office pro 1997. i have n't had any problems with it ( yet ) . it relies heavily on online links , you probably should have a fast dsl connection or broadband if you are going to use the online links . update : i am using windows xp with office pro 2003 and today was disappointed to find that the help menu is not as user friendly or helpful as earlier editions
camera neg 522.txt this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks .
books pos 481.txt a very , very good book to get to know the everyday life of late imperial chinese
music neg 874.txt la grange is probably at the top of most zz top fans lists , and rightly so as it is superb , but the version contained on this collection is the one where they did some weird digital reverb stuff to the drum track , which completely destroyed the roadhouse vibe of the original recording . it is so awful that i do n't know how anybody can listen to it . thankfully they got smart and went back to the original for rancho texicano . clueless classic rock stations are still playing the version contained here , dummies . also , waitin ' on the bus / jesus just left chicago are two absolutely essential tracks that are inexplicably missing here
health neg 293.txt i 'm sorry that i ordered these online . i should have tried them first . they do not fit round heads . no matter how many times you adjust them they do not fit . the bow needs to have an adjustment too . the magnet is not that strong when put on a round head they just pop off . would not buy another pair .
books neg 175.txt i 'm really disappointed in this book , because the author seems to imply that you can have anything you want , but that is just not the case . it 's a deceptive title . i can honestly say that this book is worthless and is not going to help you ; you 're better off practising feng shui and hanging little crystals in your house than reading this book ( and i 'm not knocking feng shui , i practise it myself ) . people like the author of this book just want to make a quick buck at your expense . in the end , you 'll just feel worse off , looking for the " next big thing " to promise you some more snake oil . another fact i 'd like to point out is that this author sells this book in cd format for around $60.00 ( i got a flyer in the mail ) . if he is truly living life according to his principles why would he even charge for these so-called " secrets , " does n't that go against his own moral values ? one of the gimmicks of the cds is that you can learn the secret sound of " creation , " as if chanting " ahhhh " is going to make everything alright . thanks to dyer and others like him , i am completely against any sort of " positive thinking " guru . they are only after your money ( while you keep wishing you had more ) . *btw , you might be interested to know that after reading this book , you 're only going to find out that the big catch is that manifesting your destiny , according to the author , only applies to spiritual matters . huh ? yes . the entire book promises you can have anything you want , but it has absolutely nothing to do with material prosperity . the author also wants you to know that if your desire is not in accordance with " god 's " plan , you do n't have a chance either . thought i 'd mention that before you read this book and end up feeling cheated !
health pos 522.txt this small flosses is great . to get the most out of it make sure you use the string floss and not the plastic ones that comes with it . the little plastic floss can break and get stuck between your teeth . happened at least couple of times so i switch to the string floss
music neg 676.txt this disk is truly as bad as nitin 's previous disks were wonderful . take any previous nitin disk , throw in some alpha , a bit of craig armstrong , some predictable eco-freindly american diatribe , mix until extremely smooth and you have a prophesy . as with most prophesies there no good news about it . my prophesy is that anyone who buys this wo n't ever buy another nitin dis
dvd neg 490.txt this movie is not a war movie . it is not remotely related to history either . guadalcanal was not like this as anyone who knows the people who fought there and the history . since when did american troops in ww ii carry pliers around to extract gold teeth from dying enemy soldiers ? this depiction is just simple minded and pure excrement . enemy soldiers all hugging around and teary eyed over war is hell ? can we spell bushido ? mallick can't . now , if you like touchy , feely , not the real world aesthetique , have at it . the scenery and photography is quite good .
books pos 711.txt i was very pleased with my order . the book was in excellent condition and i received the book in a timely manner . i would definately buy from this seller again
music pos 90.txt the more i listen to this album , the more i love it . what 's sounds somewhat familiar even formulaic at first becomes totally captivating on further listening . like a girl you thought was nothing special at first glance but then becomes beautiful as you get to know the complete package . this is one cooooool cd .
health neg 224.txt the light was very good , the magnifier ( very tiny ) made of plastic which was optically difficult to look thru if you already wear glasses . but the worst part were the tweezers in themselves . they were difficult to squeeze togeter because of their placement on the handle . also , i am used to sharp tweezers that come together tightly over the hair . these did not . so they do not tweeze well at all . was n't worth all the bother of a return . i just threw it away . it was a good idea for a product , just poorly made .
software pos 397.txt i have been using tax cut for five years . it is quite easy to use and generally well documented . i would like to see a better ability to select individual forms for printing
dvd neg 785.txt good lord , but this was awful . normally a&amp ; e makes a mean costume drama , but / benedict arnold / stank like rotting poultry . the dialogue was stilted and incredibly unrealistic , the battle scenes were rendered in clunky slo-mo to cover up the lack of extras , and the costumes appeared to have been rented from a cheap halloween shop ( with the exception of the military uniforms , especially the continentals ' , which were accurate ) . aidan quinn chewed the scenery into pulp and used & quot ; historical voice&quot ; ( the lame semi-british accent affected by actors in costume drama ) . kelsey grammer was pretty darn good as washington , but his lines were horrid , horrid stuff ripped from the pages of a grade-school history text . worst of all were the simpering john andre and peggy arnold , whose rose-garden courtship scene was laughably bad . in short , do n't even bother to rent this . it 's an hour and a half of your life that would be better spent cleaning the house or napping
software pos 508.txt i found it hard to work with and was disappointed that it was n't more versatile . my needs are not quite the same as a standard business , however , and i have friends with businesses who like this very much .
software neg 874.txt i have been using turbo tax since 1998 , i use computers every day , and ( as an engineer ) i am used to using difficult applications ( pro-e , mathcad , ug , etc ) . this years edition of turbo tax deluxe was the worst turbo tax i have ever seen ( & i usually like it very much ) . i purchased in january and had to update 4 times . one update took 6 hours ( some of us live in the boonies and broadband is not an option ) . in addition , the application brought up menus and selections that were not applicable ( farm income at the pa state form ) . when i tried to delete the entries ( at the federal level as instructed ) they would not . my 1 business expense entry kept getting duplicated ( " copy 2 " and every time i deleted it , it would reappear on the next pass through . every time i entered the " state " tab , it acted like i was never there before with a " start state " button that always lead me through all the same questions ( it did retain my answers from prior visits ) . where was the " continue state " button ? i also noticed that using the " back " button and then moving foreward again caused never before seen dialogs to occur , even though the same " foreward " choices were made . once i backed up to check something & then moving foreward caused my state tax status to jump from +$46 to - $1548 ! ! upon backing up i saw that some of the check boxes regarding the sale of my home were unchecked . i did not check them , but rather backed up two more screens , then moved foreward again the two screens and the boxes were again checked ! one more foreward click and my taxes again returned to +$46. one of the years i liked best was when there was a " checklist " so you could see where you had been and what was already addressed . this years state was definetly worse than the federal , but even that was a dissapointment . i did complete this years filings & submitted both online , i hope i do n't get burned ! turbo tax ! - - please improve for next year or it may be my last year . you realize that at 59.95 + 39.95 filing + my time + aggravation like this year , and an accountant is looking attractive . if you are on the " inside " you probably know why this is happening...outsourcing code gen to india , not outsourcing code gen to india , programmer cut-backs , programming application changes , archiving application changes , project management issues , whatever . just realize that there is a problem & fix it
books pos 163.txt i read the book first in its html form , from raymond 's site , and i felt need to buy the real book . its format is very appropriate and shows the best we have in unix . even though i have a degree in chemical engineering , i found it to be a valuable resource for my own projects for open source development
books pos 179.txt the need for assassins is great - the evil keeps cranking up beyond belief as the suspense continues to buld . what a book and what a series - more please
music pos 682.txt i ca n't believe the harshness of some of the comments on this album . not a lot of in between among the notices - - those that hate are mean and heartless . very hurtful . lousy counterpoint to her warmth . i do n't think they understand that she does n't have to lose control to be meaningful and touching . take her as an original instead of as a mimic . what do i hear ? i love her lush voice on this album and fred hersch 's brilliant piano accompaniment . bill frisell is very good , too . i love jazz & pop as well as opera . ren ? e fleming can make it any of these genres . these songs are very much her own interpretation . they are ' deeper ' than what you 've heard before . even if i prefer nancy wilson or eva cassidy singing " you 've changed , " ren ? e fleming sings it warmly and beautifully , in her own style , and very touching , too . she 's not carried by full orchestration , mostly just fred and her . i was going to write that " my one and only love " was especially good , but as the cd kept playing , i must say that they are all especially good . enjoy
software neg 770.txt i have used system works on my computer since 2000. the 2007 version is nowhere as good as the older ones . they have deleted many of the " real " diagnostic features ( registry optomizer ) , dummed down the rest , and added ( rather forced ) an auto-load norton protection center that takes over the windows security center and cannot be easily unloaded . software should be made to be user-friendly ... this version is nothing like the previous ones
camera neg 650.txt i just got this printer dock with a camera , and the printer feature is a real pain ! the paper will almost never feed no matter what i 've tried . when it does feed , it ends up jamming . i only successfully printed one picture and tried 7 others and then the laminate was gone . i 'm very unhappy with it and will probably send it back
music pos 28.txt rap music today is a tragic lack of creativity . its not real hip hop . this album , brings back the good feeling that is real hip hop . honestly , the light is a song that never gets old , thats real . if you do n't have this album , get it .
camera neg 731.txt this camcorder has an excellent form factor and conveniently transfers clips to pc via usb . however , the camera picks up the sound of its own zoom and auto-focus , which makes the video unacceptable in my opinion . the clicking and whirring is louder than the level of normal conversation . we returned the first unit that we got thinking that it may have been a production defect , but the second unit had the same problem . apparently , according to the manual , this is " not a malfunction "
camera neg 458.txt this s80 used to be the only wide angle compact point and shoot digital camera on the market . it has now been discontinued i 'm told . but , we 're in luck ! there are three other digital point and shoot cameras with a real 28mm wide angle lens ! these are : 1 ) the panasonic dmc-fx01 for $250 , and the 2 ) canon powershot sd800 is for $400. and , 3 ) the kodak easyshare v570 for about $350. so , you ask , " who needs a 28mm lens ? " you do ! most people concern themselves with how long is their telephoto lens . but , most people who " know " know that it is the wide angle lens that is most important- --most of the " best shots " are made with a wide angle lens . for example , you 're in europe and you are trying to " get a shot " of that cathedral of notre dame over there . you need a wide angle lens . you are in the california poppy fields and you want to get the expanse of the golden-yellow poppy flowers with the huge blue sky filled with white clouds above- --you need a wide angle lens . you are sitting at thanksgiving dinner and you want to take a photo from the foot of the table with everyone sitting on the left and right- --you need a wide angle lens . you are in the garden of the california mission and you want to take a photo of the entire garden surrounded by the mission walls- --you need a wide angle lens . it 's christmas day and you want a photo of the entire group of visitors in front of the christmas tree- --you need a wide angle lens . this is where the 28mm lens on this camera comes in ! so , you need this camera ! otherwise you 'll be cutting off heads and leaving aunt sylvia out of the " christmas group photo " this year- --and she 'll disinherit you and as a result of not having a wide angle lens you 'll live a life of poverty and misery everafter ! :o ) if you agree or disagree or know of any other digital point and shoot camera that has a wide angle lens please write , email:boland7214@aol . here 's one more wide angle candidate : kodak easyshare v705 7.1mp digital camera with 5x ultra-wide-angle dual-lens optical zoom
software pos 96.txt ok , sorry , i 've been vectoring line art since 1990. my current machine is an amd athlon xp with the 333 fsb , 1 gig ram & 80 gig hd shared on network & a 40 gig hd for software , os is xppro , it 's 2 years old i think . i installed three cathode ray tubes , you know ; big boxy monitors , the largest of which is a 21 inch monster right in my face all day . i read the reviews here and started " quaking " in my boots ! oops i said to myself , and i looked up my previous day 's purchases for the new artist i just hired . sure enough ; i bought cs2 for the new machine . so i downloaded the 30 day trial for illustrator cs2 upyours , i mean upgrade . replacing my old illustrator 8.01 these kids i 've been interviewing made me think i should take a look outside my cave ! so i got it loaded up and sure enough ; it takes longer to load than my old corrupted rusty buddy ; illustrator 8.01 , about twice as long . ( so leave it running ) ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! but wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i should have done this sooner , or should i have ? as soon as it was running illustrator cs2 auto updated itself . it wanted it 's adobe bridge fixed up . so i let it . this is just exactly what people have been complaining about . ******** the bridge is fixed ********* way super cool dude ! i keep the bridge open on the right monitor and i can drag art into illustrator cs2 at lightning speed . the whole time i get to see super big previews of all the artwork i need to work with . way better than xppro 's little thumbnails . live trace : realy nice , i think this is what these companies are using to sell vectored line art to printers like me . it is very accurate and seems to acomodate all those nasty giant pixels that up till now , took a human brain to see past while vectoring . ok , it 's not as good as a skilled craftsman such as ( full of ) myself , but for only about $160 or so , it 's like a gift from almighty god ! no crashes , no bugs , just pure inteligence from adobe once again . do n't you think of a little white mud hut in the dessert when you say adobe ? i really apreciate the object oriented work bar thing at the top , wait , let me go look at what it 's called , hmmmm , still do n't know , well it changes according to what kind of object you 've clicked on in your artwork . also this new wonder of technology solves an old problem of global color change needed for color separation work . that top task bar object oriented do-hickey is similar but better than the one in photoshop . transparent objects , looks like everything can be transparent , wow , do you know what that means ? ? ? i gotta go use it some more , it 's just way to cool . ok , i 'm back , even fonts can be transparent , .tiffs .jpgs , everything . this means way less jumping back and forth from photoshop to illustrator . but i do believe you have to be very capable with your hardware , operating system , and have at least a year ; full time with illustrator and photoshop to fully appreciate the thought and creative potential that adobe has opened up for us
camera neg 340.txt this frame is just ok you have to resize all your pictures and the quality is not good at all you are just better off paying the extra $75 and getting the phillip
software pos 495.txt this is great ! the free trial version on download.com had saved my computer ( the only program that got rid off some spyware that was in my start-up and causing lots of problems ) . and i 've also used the trial version on several of my friends ' computers . it has n't picked up much , though , since i bought it . but that 's probably because now i have a new hard drive and a firewall . before , i bought the computer used and did n't know what a firewall was . i should have saved the disk and installed it when i started having problems . but oh well , it 's doing it 's job and if i start having problems once the cd expires , then i will probably buy a new disk . that 's how good it is
music pos 402.txt this cd has alot of tight hits including : nann by trick daddy and who dat ' by j.t. money . there are too many good songs to name for this cd , those are the biggest i like and i like all the others too . i can practically just listen to the whole cd without stopping it , which usually never happens with other cd 's b / c u buy it for about 3 good songs and all the other songs are junk . but this cd has all the hip hop hits that it proclaims . i suggest anyone looking at this review or cd , to buy the cd . it 's worth it , definetely ! one last word is that you will have no regrets buying this cd at all i think in my own opinion.i am from st. louie and i am telling ya 'll to look out for a new group called nelly also , there hit single is already out & quot ; country grammar&quot ; and cd soon to be out . get that when it comes out to . peace out ya 'll
books pos 341.txt that about says it all . bill bryson is a hilarious writer . i like reading grammar books anyway , but i was always excited to read this book , as it 's so entertaining . besides that , it can teach ( or remind ) you of a lot of good rules of writing . the main problem is that several entries are unnecessary , and some necessary entries are left out .
camera pos 208.txt holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more .
music neg 584.txt first bill has never nor will he ever be a jazz musician . it seems that those who branch out and play multiple styles are often lauded for expanding the vocabulary . here 's what chaps my hide the most . bill has somehow captured the attention of hordes of budding guitarist with their effect pedals all strung out as if they were getting ready for a space shuttle launch . it burns me too no end when a person calls himself a & quot ; jazz&quot ; guitarist , but does n't really have any chops . i know bill has been called anti-technique , but what does that really mean ? would you want a heart transplant performed by a surgeon that means well , but really is n't very good at what he / she does ? this guy is getting built up as something new and it seems every time i turn around someone that knows absolutely nothing about jazz guitar is throwing this guy in my face . i 've been a professional jazz guitarist for 12 years and teaching for 8 years . when i have guys that actually debate me that bill is somehow doing more interesting things than say pat martino , or that bill could somehow hang in a jam session with someone like pat martino , i have to shake my head in disbelief in how twisted and mixed up this world has become when charlatans are giving more credit than someone like pat who has been on the road for years and paid dues that frisell could n't imagine . is bill frisell a jazz musician , no ! maybe if the guy could woodshed for a dozen years he 'd come up with something . for me i 'll stick with the guys that really know how to play......johnny smith , peter leitch , jim hall , pat martino , kenny burrell , billy bauer , tal farlow , lenny breau , jimmy bruno , jimmy raney , wes montgomery and so on
camera neg 314.txt they arrived on time and after that everything went downhill . the batteries charged lasted atleast five hours , so no complaints there , but the charger would keep coming out from the wall . it only seemed to work if it was all the way in and it would n't stay all the way in , i tried several outlets , finally after a whole two months it no longer worked at all
software pos 180.txt i bought this cd for my two grandchildren for christmas . they have all the other nancy drew cd 's that are out and really enjoy playing them . they are a good interactive game to challenge their minds . i am sure this one will too
camera pos 431.txt very easy to install ; great tool for easily downloading photos to computer and removing from camera ; would recommend to anybody
camera pos 87.txt hi have a rebel extreme , and needed to use the high-speed mode.. . but the flash could n't even vaguely keep up . i was taking pictures of dancers , so needed a flash system that could keep up . the speedlite really does this perfectly - i 'm able to take a rapid-fire sequence of photos , and this flash system is there each time . i do n't know if it really helps when taking a single photo , but if you want a flash that can keep up , this one is great ! i like it so much , i 'm planning on buying one or two more for my next shoot , to run in slave mode with this one .
camera neg 772.txt bought this housing new in november 2005.in april i used it for the first time and it flooded on the first dive ! neither amazon ( since it is ouside the 30 day return policy ) nor canon will stand behind this product ! period ! i got so much run around from canon it was ridiculous . they wanted to " evaluate " the housing to determine if it was defective...dah ? they would not tell me if i sent it back for the " evaluation " what the final resolution would be ( refund , rework etc ) . coincidentally , another person on the same trip had the same housing...it flooded on their first dive too ! ! ! ! coincidence ? no . just terrible quality control and no product support from canon . do not buy canon products ! !
books neg 759.txt not that great . a far better read is " sun , sin and suburbia : an essential history of modern las vegas " by geoff schumacher .
dvd neg 763.txt if you have not read the book , then this movie may intrigue you . it is quirky and interesting to say the least . as a storyline it does not lack imagination . from maine to vienna to nyc and back to maine , from the jew-hating german tourists to the radicals and the [...] , from one hotel new hampshire to another , the dreams of a father and his colourful family unfold in a series of bizarre and at times disturbing events . and life appears to be a fairy tale that we live as we chase our dreams . now , in relation to the actual book , this movie can be described with just one word : rushed . the adaptation is so faithful that it tries to cover almost everything , all characters and all events , thereby failing miserably to project the sentiment behind the eccentric story of this highly unusual family . i could go on and on about how the accurate quotes from the original text fall flat on a screenplay that comes across truncated and patched together clumsily , how the scenes lack emotional depth , how the characters are not given enough time to be adequately developed.. . but i will instead characterise the whole attempt as noble but short . if the book was a long wave-like function , with a rise to a crest , then a drop followed by a building surge and another rise to another crest , over and over and over again , then the movie was just a cross-section of the top parts of this rollercoaster of a wave-like function , shaving off all the crests and placing them in a two hour blender , where they were shaken and served to please god knows what . surely not the potential of this fascinatingly bizarre book , nor its undercurrent and extremely subtle magical tone . and it was not for lack of effort . it was for lack of realism on how to put on screen a highly bizzare story in a way that flows smoothly rather than jump spastically between scenes . a mini series would have worked much better for such a faithful adaptation . either that or a more free-flowing interpretation that could possibly make sense within the 120 minutes that are usually allocated to a motion picture . thank god for jodie foster 's and beau bridges 's performances , who bring fanny and win berry to life . keep passing the open windows and read the book for a much richer and meaningful experience . as far as this movie is concerned , just toss it out as far as you can . and if you are to keep it , then do so to remind yourselves of how to not adapt a great book onto the screen . this is the only reason why i keep mine
music neg 47.txt i do n't understand the previous reviews - i found this recording positively dreadful , with ruthie henshall being the only one worth listening to . john sinclair is abominable as george - he sounds like he 's doing a ( bad ) imitation of michael crawford in & quot ; hello , dolly . &quot ; he does strange things to his words - i guess he 's trying not to sound british , but why is he singing & quot ; summ-ar weath-ar&quot ; instead of & quot ; summer weather&quot ; ? the ilona is a bass - almost literally . & quot ; i resolve&quot ; has been lowered for her , and yet she still cannot master the range of the song . to accomodate her , the second part of & quot ; i do n't know his name&quot ; has a truly odd key change . were she remotely talented i could understand key changes to facilitate her singing , but she 's not worth it . the orchestrations are odd , too , with strange sleigh bell sounds appearing frequently . the rest of the singers range from fair ( kodaly - a pretty voice but not much expression ) to bad ( mr. maraczek drags down every single note of & quot ; days gone by . &quot ; luckily this is his only song . ) the broadway revival , to my ear , still has the best voices , except , of course , that barbara cook ( the original ) outshines diane fratantoni , who is merely good ( but who was a vast improvement over the roundabout 's original amalia , the annoying judy kuhn . ) get the original or revival recordings instead - this london version i would recommend only to die-hard she loves me fans , or masochists . i 'd rather sit through another terrible viewing of & quot ; you 've got mail&quot ; than listen to this again
camera neg 10.txt they sent me wrong lens cover and said i ordered the wrong one..........do n't think so since i got copy.......poor customer service all around.... .
health neg 897.txt i bought this based on patricia 's review and loved it for the first month , then noticed it making a strange sqeaking noise . upon closer inspection i noticed multiple welds breaking ( i 'm 185 lbs ) . now i 'm not so happy with it , no warrenty , amazon wo n't take it back . good thing i have a friend with a wire welder who can fix it for me
music pos 327.txt i love this pretenders album and chrissie always rocks but i love the songwriting skill of billy steinberg & tom kelley . they wrote " love colours " , " night in my veins " and the hit " stand by you " . her follow-up to this , " viva ! el amor ! " also contains three tracks written by them . i purchased this long after its release and was glad i did . steinberg kelley write memorable hooks and good lyrics with interesting chord changes . something not all big names can do on their own and chrissie wisely is aware of this .
camera neg 950.txt if you purchase this lens adapter for the xacti hd1a , you will not be able to take still photos using the built in flash . the adapter blocks the flash and causes black shadows in the bottom half of your photos
music pos 234.txt trace adkins has set them up and knocked them down once more ! can trace ever produce any music that sounds bad ? his low deep bass voice continues to tickle our ears and the message of the songs he chooses to put together on cd continue to proclaim loud and strong that he loves everything in life from his dog to his woman to his god ! i strongly recommend that everyone has trace 's latest cd in their collection ! a big ten-four in my cd player
camera neg 39.txt amazon 's aggressive marketing tacticts now include shipping you goods when you called them to cancel it . i will never buy from amazon again . i bought over 100 items over 5 years . i purchased the camera on a 1 day delivery plan . they then just ship 4-5 day completely insensitive to a photographer 's needs . i cancelled order 2 days before it ships , they say sorry we cannot cancel . 2 days ? ? ? come-on . i guess the $3000 just creates nice interest . the end for me and amazon , i do not like this kind of " aggressive marketing " . good advice , rather buy direct from b&h photo , pay double if you like , but you will get what you pay for there , not aggressive marketing and shoving of a product down your throat at their terms . i am truly annoyed . run , hide .
software neg 266.txt when printing cards it leaves a large border around front of card graphics . the cards do not print anything like they are shown on box display with front of card display taking up the whole card . when i contacted tech support i was advised that in order to correct this problem my printer must have a borderless printing option . my printer does not & i have been using another major greeting card software for about a year and half and never had this problem with that program . there is nothing on the outside of box under the system requirements that states this . on the outside of the box it says you can return for refund if not satified within 30 days and that the details are in the box . there are not any details in the box and when i contacted the company i got run around in circles stating there were two companies involved with the software and was never given information on how it could be returned . i am stuck with it
software pos 842.txt excellent product one any computer owner must own and install for efficient and safe daily opperation online.quick delivery with ideal ups tracking ensureing accuate deivery and not to mention the best price online , bravo zulu ! good show amazon
dvd pos 19.txt i loved " never cry wolf " ! ! ! i saw it years ago on video , but can only imagine the dvd is as good or better . i was disappointed to see that it was listed with ' the bear ' to buy together... . i love anthony hopkins , and the bear was one of the worst movies i have ever seen . do n't let the pairing with ' the bear ' scare you off . " never cry wolf " is excellent ! sorry tony : - ) okay , i just realized that ' the edge ' was the one with anthony hopkins.. . my apologies to the bear ! anyway , get " never cry wolf " ! you wo n't be disappointed ! !
software neg 675.txt extremely difficult to unistall . endless loop . do not buy this product or if you do then be prepared for an exremely fustrating experience . i will never use nav again
health neg 652.txt i bought one last year as it was supposed to be accurate and you could do it yourself . doing it yourself is misleading as the directions for one of measuring sites for women require you to hold it in your right hand and measure the back of your right tricep . impossible to do both at the same time . even with the help of my trainer who is skilled at using calipers it gave widely variable readings and inconsistant results . the feature that takes your % body fat and classifies your level by age never worked . mine was stuck making the classification by the youngest age group for women . basically it ignored specific data entered in for age and male / female . i was very disappointed but was fortunate to get my money back
dvd pos 476.txt flying down to rio is the film that marks the first pairing of ginger rogers and fred astaire . the two are not the main attraction though ; the film stars dolores del rio and gene raymond in a tempestuous love affair . raymond is a band leader who always falls for beautiful women . del rio is engaged to a man in rio de janeiro but secretly harbors feelings for the american . in a back and forth romance , the two occupy plenty of the film . the rest is taken by extravagant musical numbers including " i like music , " " the carioca , " and " orchids in the moonlight " on top of a wonderful number that exhibits chorus girls dancing on top of airplanes ! the cast is good and the story is pretty standard , but it is the music that spices up the film . definitly take a look at this movie , which is filled with inuendo only pre-code films could get away with and music only those early musicals featured
music pos 478.txt bo diddley is one of the most underrated rock and roll artist . such gems as & quot ; bo diddley&quot ; & quot ; say man&quot ; and & quot ; who do you love&quot ; are just the tip of the iceberg . add in the blues , like & quot ; i 'm a man&quot ; and you have a truely outstanding set . the set also includes a very informative booklet that includes a bio , pictures and discography . do not settle for less than what is offered here
software neg 268.txt do not order this . tech support from broderbund is basically non-existant . one sorry product
health pos 554.txt i used this product and ca n't say enough good things about it . my friend bought it for me for my birthday and it was fun and easy to use and i lost 30 pounds in 6 months and i was never hungry . i ate at restaurants and always managed to find a perfect menu in my dietmate . i love it . thank yo
dvd neg 248.txt an exact copy of ang lee 's wonderful & quot ; eat drink man woman&quot ; . frankly what annoyed me here was i watched this one first. . i just finished watching eat drink. . it took me about 15 minutes to realize i was watching an exact copy of something i 'd already seen a couple years ago . anyway , i was annoyed because while i could predict events in eat drink because i 'd seen tortilla soup , eat drink was clearly the better movie - - so unfortunately it spoiled some of the pleasure of eat drink for me . if you have n't seen either , see the better of the two ( exact same stories ) : eat drink man woman
software neg 616.txt i am very disappointed in vista . it took about 12 hours to install and now my computer is extremely slow . i would absolutely not recommend it
camera neg 559.txt this was the first digital camera i purchased . i am an adventurous person and wanted something that would stand up to my lifestyle . this camera was n't it . the good *it is compact , which is pretty convenient *it has several camera functions that have the potential to work well if you are techno-savvy . the bad *after snorkeling with it for 30 minutes , the camera leaked and broke . olympus replaced it , but only after my 2 month stay in costa rica was over . *the functions are unreliable and difficult to use . rarely if ever do i get them to work how i want . the pictures always need touched up afterwards , sometimes seriously . *the zoom sucks . do n't expect to get those awesome close ups they advertise unless you have some serious patience . *the image stabilization is a joke . you need a tripod or surgeons hands to take pictures that are n't blurry . *the user manual left me with a lot of questions
music neg 420.txt very disappointing - nothing like riverdance would not recommend and i am avid fa
software neg 611.txt i 've been a long time user of trend micro 's pccillin but after reading poor reviews on their latest version i decided i did n't want to take a chance on it so i went looking for different anti-virus software . i stumbled onto this zonealarm ( piece of junk ) and after reading mostly wonderful reviews i down loaded their trial . it did n't seem too bad . after a few weeks i bought this 3 computer suite and installed it . i went a while longer and notice my computer 's performance was not as good as it was . i downloaded upgrades and uninstalled old versions and installed new . now after about a month my computer is practically unusable ( as well as the kid 's - they have been screaming about slow computer since the start ) . this zonealarm is the worst software i have ever used . it hogs cpu and memory . it gets the cpu usage to 80 - 100% and it does n't free it up . i shut down all programs and cpu just keeps churning away . the interesting thing is that at times i would check task manager processes and system idle would be 90% but when you check the performance tab the cpu chart would be near 100% ? go figure ! i finally said enough and uninstalled it ( and deleted every occurrence of zonealarm out of the registry ) and downloaded trend micro 's pccillin . it 's installed and i got my old machine back . log-ins take 40 seconds were they would take over 3 minutes with za . cpu is back to normal . you could n't give me this cr*ppy software . i wish i would have stuck with pccillin and saved the $40
camera pos 793.txt i had a previous generic charger that did not work . well if you go with this one , you wo n't have to worry about that . this one works like a charm and seems to charge pretty fast too . i 've had this for a while now , and never had any problems with it .
dvd pos 345.txt i should say up front that i have never played chess , nor do i understand the game . but i remember being intrigued about the film when i saw the theatrical trailer . was i intrigued because of the fact that the film was about a young boy with a special gift of a game ? was it the intense images of competition ? was it a curiosity about the game of chess itself and how it was played ? or was it about a deeper struggle within the boy ? the answer is all of the above . " searching for bobby fischer " is an excellent family film for all . i am living proof that even those who do n't know jack about chess will love this movie . it is a movie not just about chess , but about acceptance , the bond of love and friendship , compassion for others , and not being afraid to be who you want to be . the balance of drama with edge-of-your-seat competition makes this a truly remarkable film . max pomeranc plays the young and sensitive josh waitzkin , a pint-sized seven-year old with a cute lisp , who becomes fascinated with the " lower class " men playing chess in a new york park . he watches the men , his eyes shifting with each move of the pieces . he convinces his mother to go to the park with him , where he plays a game of chess with an older gentleman . it is there that josh 's mother realizes her son has a knack for chess . also noticing josh is the fast-talking park chess player , vinnie ( a funny and great performance from laurence fishburne ) who befriends the boy and eventually teaches him a thing or two about the game . after a match with josh , josh 's father ( played by joe mantegna ) realizes his son 's special gift and enlists the help of a stern but knowledgeable chess teacher named bruce ( played by ben kingsley ) to make josh an even better chess master . bruce sees a young bobby fischer in josh and cannot resist the temptation to take him under his wing and perhaps fill the void that bobby fischer left in the country after his mysterious disappearance . through all the technical strategies of the game being learned , josh and bruce develop a good friendship and with bruce 's help , combined with his own special gift , josh excels in chess tournaments and collects a shiny bundle of trophies . but there may be a test even harder than becoming a grand master of chess . we 've all heard of parents trying to live their dreams through their children , especially when a parent sees a special gift in their child . but what happens when the thrill of competition and the persistent need to win cloud the parents ' mind too much ? and what happens when a beloved teacher wants you to be a carbon copy of someone or something that you 're not ? these are tests that run way deeper for josh waitzkin than any chess tournament . josh learns quickly how addictive competition is and how obsessed people can become with a certain game . in his own way , the insightful josh shows his father and teacher that he is not one of these people who lives and breathes chess like bobby fischer did . in the process , josh pushes his father and teacher 's feelings about him and the game of chess to the brink where they find they have to rethink their feelings . it 's a matter of what is more important : chess competition , or love ? through it all , the three of them find that they can tolerate losing at chess but cannot tolerate losing something more dear ; love and friendship for each other no matter what . there are some truly touching scenes in the film from the lecture josh receives from his dad in the pouring rain , to the visit from his teacher at the chicago tournament which comes toward the end of the show . but amongst the competition and drama , there are some nice comic scenes from vinnie 's trash talking against the others in the park , to the scene where the all the parents are literally locked up away from their kids during a tournament because they are so obnoxious , to the humorous appearance by william h . macy when he offers to get josh 's dad a tuna sandwich . the climax comes in the huge chess championship at the end of the film where josh takes bruce and vinnie 's teachings along with his own style of playing and faces off against another chess prodigy named jonathan . jonathan is a boy i feel sorry for in the film . playing since he was four years old , all jonathan knows is chess and goes about life with a glazed expressionless look on his face . perhaps this boy is proof of what living for a game can do to you , especially when you cannot just be a kid . the acting is terrific . ben kingsley , max pomeranc and joe mantegna give us a very touching and real performance in this film . it 's too bad that pomeranc did not act much since this film because he was a great little actor and very convincing . a nice touch to the movie is the real black and white film clips of a very young bobby fischer talking about and playing chess with pomeranc narrating along . it gives us a bit of the history of the world 's greatest chess player and also gives us the implication that people were searching for a new chess hero to fill the void when bobby fischer vanished ; enter josh waitzkin . " searching for bobby fischer " is one of those stand-up-and-cheer films that is perfect fun for the whole family with some valuable lessons to be learned as well ! this is a movie you 'll want to watch time and time again .
music pos 730.txt trip hop and lounge lovers need to have this cd at home . bajo fondo tango club is not as pure tango as piazzola 's nor as chill out percolated as gotan project 's , which makes them a band for all publics . nor even one single person in my office could n't help download at least one song of this cd into their ipods . three of them already bought their copy
health pos 591.txt this protein is unbelievable . i have tried *many* different brands / varieties and this is without a doubt one of the best out there . it does n't have the characteristic nausiating whey smell or taste , it 's not too sweet , mixes lump-free in cold or piping hot water and packs a punch with 23g of easily digestable protein per scoop . once you try it , this stuff will definitely become a staple in your pantry .
music neg 699.txt on the liner notes to one of the two blues albums ( i think it is shaker ) it is said that the original idea was just to perform some of these songs in a one night concert . that should have been as far as it went . to foist these songs on an unsuspecting public at 19 bucks a crack is highway robbery . if these are blues songs , then i am robert johnson 's illegitimate son . " death letter " is good , maybe even great , but cannot compare to the original or to any of the covers i have previously heard . the rest is a waste of time . the cover art is excellent but hardly the reason you would be expected to buy the cd . these are my first 2 reviews by the way , but all these 5-star reviews for both cd 's finally got me motivated . go buy a muddy waters or lightning hopkins cd and save 10 bucks in the bargain
software neg 69.txt first of all , this software performs like someones term project . why havent these guys been sued yet ? pros : nice retail packaging cons : not tested doesnt burn all your files no support overall a waste of moner
dvd pos 18.txt wow ! what more can i say ! just watching this was an absolutely extraordinary experience . this is a " behind the scenes " look at photography . it gets you up close and personal with the photographers and lets you know what is involved in trying to capture the " shot of a lifetime " . i own many national geographic books , but you wo n't be able to appreciate what goes into each photograph without watching this dvd . even those who are not interested in photography will be able to appreciate it
books pos 436.txt i affirm the positive comments of the other reviewers . i am a truck driver and dairy farmer and just finished the books on tape version of this book . i want to run away to graduate school and get at phd in physics . i hated science in school . i especialy recommend this book because it affirms true learning . it really does n't start until you fall in love with a subject and go after it just for the fun of it and for the most part on your own . much of the book is about his love of physics and scientific exploration . he touches upon how to do education wrong with his stories about science education in brazil and his work selecting k-12 science texts for the la school system . my independent road of becoming a dairy farmer affirms his thinking , and i am so glad i did not try to get an ag degree
music pos 493.txt this is the first of alison 's album 's that i bought , many years ago.....i 've watched her career blossom.....she was an unknown when she recorded this album but in my opinon , it 's her best ! true bluegrass , beautiful voice , wonderful music ! i 've had the opportunity to see her and the band in concert several times and their music never leaves me disappointed
music neg 354.txt it really does n't appeal to me . but if you like them that is your opinion . i 'm not going to say your stupid for liking them because your different from me . but i just feel that there is way to much cursing for my liking i mean the creativity here is not very high i just feel you could use better words . but i mean the measure of a man is not how many girls you slept with . i mean that is how you lose money on child support . sex has never been the most important thing in life . honestly though i mean you just ca n't see these guys rapping about these same things when they 're 40 right cause that is wrong . i mean why be interested in a group of rappers that in 10 years probably wont be making music anymore let alone still be together
software pos 466.txt this is a great program for using a bible on your palm . the only issue was that i had to return the first cd for scratches and the 2nd was also all scratched up . it worked but ....
music pos 369.txt blue note was on the mark to re-release this classic . tina brook 's style of blues laced jazz is a sound that will bring joy to your soul . a must have cd for any jazz collection
software neg 865.txt i will never buy another product from this manufacturer . i have a legal copy of this program , and on the weekend my motherboard died . i had to buy a new board then reinstall all my software , and when i got to dns8 it told me i 'd registered too many times and i had to buy a new copy . hidden somewhere in the site i found reference to uninstalling the previous install whilst online to allow me to install it again . so , i dug out my old hard drive , set it up temporarily , connected to the internet and uninstalled . went to the new machine and installed and ... no dice . same message . this is the worst example of product activation , and when i went to customer support they wanted my credit card number in order to charge me $9.95 to install a legally purchased product . i will now explore other means because i fully intend to use the software i paid a lot of money for . and in case anyone from the company ever reads this ( unlikely ) , i 'm going to use all my online clout to tell people just how annoyed i am . i only get one thousand three hundred unique visitors per day to my websites and blogs , but that adds up to quite a few people over a couple of months and you can be damn sure every one of them will hear about this . i once wrote a lengthy blog post praising your product . now it 's time for the addendum
health neg 92.txt the first shave seemed good ; but the second time did me in with the fusion . instead of just one nick , i managed around 3 or 4 nicks at once . but looking at the cost of the replacement cartridges put me into a state of price shock . i got a merkur heavy duty double edge safety razor & the blades are a huge savings . merkur blades or feather double edge blades average 50 cents apiece . the feather blades are extremely sharp ! the gillette sensor is more practical for me when in a big hurry . a good old fashioned shave using the double edge safety razor , a badger hair shaving brush , & some proraso shave cream in the tube is alot more enjoyable & relaxing for me !
camera neg 73.txt after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight
music pos 702.txt adios marks the real goodbye from kmfdm . after they went on to do mdfmk which was decent and then they came back . attak , was really weak because it was all sascha and skold and though i like them both , the absence of gunter schulz and en esch really made this album absent in itself . wwiii though it is a better and pretty decent album , kmfdm is still a little less present . adios gives us the remnants of what kmfdm fans know as kmfdm with skold present but not taking over completely ( though i like skold , but we need a break ) we saw nina hagen lend her voice in " witness " which is amazing , along with ogre from skinny puppy in " that 's all " and " full worm garden " great tracks a little bit of pig and schulz 's insane guitar riffs and you are all set . even though en esch was very minimal in the recording , infact i barely remember him.. . currently working on " fubar " , we 'll see if kmfdm will impress again , they have it still , they are just not using their talents as of late , c'mon sascha , you 're great man , but get over yourself and get schulz and esch back.. . bring back kmfdm.. . what would skinny puppy be without cevin key ? what would ohgr be without ogre ? what would foetus be without thirlwell ? c'mon man. . bring us back kmfdm.. .
health neg 801.txt the massager is top heavy and very heavy and will not stay on your hand . you will go nuts trying to keep the straps / massager secure on your hand
camera pos 765.txt this rangefinder is great ! much lighter than the big bulky other units . has all the great features that is needed . this is one that you will take with you and not leave in the truck because it 's too big . i tested this against some of my buddies ' bigger units at known distances and this one out did the bigger units in speed and accuracy . great scan mode . best buy . should be sold for about ( $ ) more than asked for
music pos 698.txt the relaxation set is just that , pure relaxation . i love the active relaxation cd . i can read or work and i am real calm , on an even keel , feeling like when you go to sleep at night , not quite asleep and not quite awake . i also enjoy the water and the piano playing . highly recommended
software pos 18.txt it took so long for this to come out...i hated the little hints they gave us hardcore nders on the dare to play message board . i had extremely high hopes for this game- -i adored last train to blue moon canyon and waited ages for this game . now , besides the absurd level of difficulty in this game [it was seemingly very hard in my eyes- -i could not make it the first time through without the assistance of a walkthrough] , i loved it . the flight to paris and the travel about the city- -it was also a lot easier to make money in this game than in secret of the old clock . i did not like how hard the puzzles were , but all in all it was an amazing game . there was a lot of talking , and that can really slow down gameplay and frustrate a gamer . and puzzles like the darkroom , the paintbomb and the cookies were absurdly difficult . but otherwise it was worth it
health neg 87.txt i finally got this toothbrush after i have seen alot of people use them . i am very disappointed . the design of the brush and the charger seems really outdated and bulky . it 's constantly getting dirty with dust and tooth paste . it 's very hard to clean . it 's loud , and small brush . not to mention the replacements for the brush are too expensive . no thank you
books pos 228.txt as always the latest compilation in this annual science fiction anthology remains one of the great anthologies as the current entries are top rate . for the most part , the thirty contributions are superb tales from a who 's who of the genre . especially fascinating is paul mcauley 's creative entry " the two dicks , " in which philip k . dick writes mainstream fiction until he meets richard nixon . other stories are well written as gardner dozier scores again with selections that run the gamut from alternative realties to artificial intelligence to " animal " intelligence that worms its way into the reader 's mind . the introduction by mr. dozier provides a " summation " of the trends in the year , which can be summarized as " stable " . science fiction fans who appreciate shorts will devour this must reading that once again lives up to its title . harriet klausner
books neg 974.txt there was nothing in this book that our association has n't covered nearly every week . i was very dissapointed . it offered little tidbits like & quot ; a postgame review can help you learn from experience&quot ; . do n't we all do & quot ; postgame reviews&quot ; , even if it is simply going over the game in our head on the drive home ? i certainly do . no , i 'm not he best umpire in our association . i would rate myself as somewhere in the middle . the book offered me nothing new , nothing that our association does n't talk about constantly . buy a childress , or save your money
books neg 424.txt i have been slogging through this book for weeks now , it was a terrible shock to the system after john julius norwich 's excellent book on byzantium . the book lacks any narrative thrust , often stopping and retreading events slightly out of chronological order and frequently bringing all forward motion to a halt by describing the intricacies of some bureaucratic office or another . the one consistent thing throughout this book is the author 's obvious agenda to " set the record straight " and prove that the ottoman empire was far superior to its " barbaric " european contemporaries
software pos 117.txt my experience with this software as well as the company has been extremely positive . i ordered this program a little over a month ago . when i first received it from amazon , i was amazed at the shear size of the program . it has a huge 1 , 300 page book with all the images and categories for easy reference . it also comes with 34 cds that are loaded with images . this software is truly the largest set of art i have ever seen ! dealing with nova development is as easy to use as their software ! when i first opened the box i was a little overwhelmed with the whole thing , so i called tech support . i may have waited a whole 20 seconds before i began speaking with a technician . they walked me through the install and how to use the clip art . they were professional and courteous . this software gets an a+ in my book ! .
health pos 710.txt i 've had my first bottle of this after shave for a year and i have just finally begun to run out . while i do n't use it everday , i use it regularly and when needed . i use an electric shaver which often leaves my face dry and slightly irritated . this nivea after shave is wonderful . it only takes a small amount to cover my whole face and neck . it leaves me refreshed and smooth feeling . sometimes i 'll leave the house and forget to put it on , and i 'll go all the way back just to put it on . it gets your day off to a great start . no funky smells or textures here . give it a try , you wo n't be disappointed
dvd pos 722.txt this little girl lives by herself , its wild how she lives , and what out for that white powder ! mario is her only friend . and trap door is a goner
dvd pos 799.txt wonderful . i forgot how many great songs they have
health pos 587.txt this has helped my wife and i to lower our cholesterol . i take it in conjunction with red yeast rice extract ( this must be taken at night ) because my numbers are very high . my wife 's numbers are right on borderline . we took blood tests before and after using it and have seen great improvements . my numbers went down 37 points in a few months and my wife 's numbers went down about half of mine . ( i also take double the dose she does . ) it 's a great way to keep healthy , naturally . my father-in-law started using it and has seen improvements , also . his dangerous psa numbers ( prostrate ) even dropped radically . we do n't know if that was due to the fish oil-but he believes it was . his dr . said he 'd never seen numbers drop that much . we tell just about everyone we know about it .
software pos 332.txt i used this unit to calibrate my mitsubishi wd65732 dlp hd tv and was surprised at how good the picture looks after the adjustment . i first went through the tv manual to make sure i understood all the various adjustments the tv makes and wrote them down on a spreadsheet so i could study them and make sure i knew how the language related to the spydertv adjustment language . once i did that and marked down the adjustment ranges , it was a breeze to run the software and make the adjustments . it even creates a pdf file at the conclusion for record purposes and future comparisons . some of the adjustments for color temperature were surprising , but the bottom line is that the picture looks great
music pos 136.txt john michael mongomery is back with a big bang . this album is one of the best to come out this year . it 's better than that of travis tritt , alan jackson , and kenny chesney . the song i wanna be there is one of the most touching songs since alan 's where were you . he mixes the soulful ballads , with his country rockers , and sweet love songs . this is vinatage jmm and should be bought by any true country music fan
music pos 301.txt this is one of my all-time favorite cds . i loved all the songs on this cd except one . my favorite is " black girl pain " and it should be an anthem and inspriration for black women all over the globe . i had the pleasure of seeing talib in concert a few months ago in atlanta and his live show was even better than his cd . true hip-hop lives
software pos 301.txt this world renown editor is the best when it comes to editing and managing your digital photo
software pos 415.txt ca n't say enough for it . there is so much good work items in it that you probably will never touch them all . i 've had every updated issue from issue 5 on up . they have been consistrantly excelant
health pos 486.txt i 've only used the kit once , and it did what it was supposed to . no problems , everything went fine , and i intend to use it again within about a month . it should pay for itself very quickly
music pos 631.txt yeah , johnny must 've been drinking heavily during this recording . it 's evident in his slurred lyrics...it 's raining is the song where he sounds totally wasted , although you can get the sense that he is infact quite happy and very relaxed . but all this inebriation actually adds to the authenticity of this c.d.- -- - johnny winter really becomes the archetypal bluesman on this c.d. his guitar work is quite sparse , no long solos on this one but , nevertheless , the feel on this album is wonderful . i have to say this also..johnny must 've been very , very brave to release this album back in 1977. that was a very bad year for the blues , appalling infact...disco music was king . alot of bluesmen , like johnny guitar watson etc were opting for the commercialism of the disco dance floor . johnny might 've thought of releasing a commercial type rock album , like edgar was doing . instead he chose to stay faithful to the blues and i have to admire the determination and resolve of johnny winter . very few would 've stayed faithful to the blues . the last track with muddy waters ..walking thru the park...captures johnny in his element . he was so happy back then and it filters over into the song itself . i remember seeing them both do this song live at the capitol radio festival , alexander palace , london / england in july 1977. never again to be repeated , sadly
music pos 887.txt great cd for young and old alike . the music puts a smile on your face each time you listen to it . i have it on in my car and it keeps me in a good mood at all times
music neg 866.txt very very dissapointed . e-40 raps too quick , he is too hard to understand and he sounds like a trick
camera pos 725.txt this camera is very similar to the fuji f30 , but has face detection ( fd ) that autofocuses on faces in a photo . great for taking pictures of yourself , or for snapshots you do n't have time to compose . excellent quality photos in dim light . at 3200 iso , photos are washed out and noisy , but still good for capturing an image you would otherwise miss . option to limit iso to 1600 , or to 400. camera will use any speed up to the limit . 400 iso is extremely good . as good as my canon digital rebel xti . usual modes i never use ( flower , landscape , etc. ) , but one unique mode i use all the time : no flash / flash . the camera takes a picture without flash up to 3200 iso , and then takes a picture with flash immediately after . usually takes less than one second to capture both images . no flash does n't surprise anyone and ruin the candid shot , while the following flash guarantees you 'll get the image , even if the " warm glow of candlelight " is ruined . i always have the camera set to this mode . uses xd cards , which i hate , but if you buy a 1 gb card you 'll be able to take 400 - 500 photos without ever needing to change the card . also , battery life is unbelieveable ! fully charge the camera over several hours , and you 'll be able to take 400 photos , half with flash , before the battery is drained . fuji-brand underwater housing is optional , watertight to 40m ( 121 ft . ) camera comes with underwater setting to intensify non-blue colours , and still keep the intense blue of the water . literally *every* diver should have one of these cameras . i recommend this camera without hesitation . there simply is n't anything else like it on the market .
health neg 354.txt i went through 3 of these in less than 2 months . after about 2-3 weeks of use , the first two dryers would n't shut off when the switch was placed in the " off " position ; the dryers had to be unplugged to turn them off . the 3rd dryer just stopped working completely after about 2 weeks . i definitely do not recommend buying this product
music neg 225.txt trash , and irrated plus the good albums ya 'll give them 0's . so now i'ma let the world know
health neg 199.txt i purchased this towel warmer for my wife . she has been very disappointed . it simply does not get hot enough to heat towels so she has stopped using it . i would not recommend it to anyone .
health neg 679.txt i bought this item for the warmth . the heat level is so low that i never can tell when the heat is on . as for the massage , it 's about what i expected - no good at all . overall , i would say this item is worthless .
camera pos 655.txt if you use the viewfinder instead of the lcd field , it does not appear on the lcd , you can only see it through the viewfinder . this is different from previous models . minor annoyance . the quality of the videos was surprisingly good , but it saves them in the quicktime .mov format . mov is not my favorite format , but perhaps others will not be bothered by this . although i had heard that the color on kodaks is not natural , i have found it to be excellent . the overall quality of the pictures is good . for the price , i think this is a very good value and adequate for most casual photographers .
software pos 228.txt this is unbelievable- --it can tell the importance of the stuff on my pc . and i also can set a weekly backup task on my pc . this is fantastic . it is so straigh forward and easy to use . i will definately recommend this product to everyone i know . well done , alohabob ! ! !
software pos 345.txt it seems the last few office releases i have purchased have n't really offered anything different , but this one does . the interface is totally changed and takes some getting used to . i would suggest upgrading to office 2007 when you have a little time to figure out the new layout and not if you have to jump right into a project . the new toolbars seem to be really thought out and are very user friendly . if you are n't into change and prefer the status quo of the standard , file edit tools...layout , then this product is not for you . if you are willing to spend a couple hours getting used the new layout ( it 's quite easy ) you wo n't be sorry because it 's well worth it .
camera pos 197.txt this can be a very easy to use camera . simply by using the auto mode and composing your pictures properly you can get very good jpeg images . it also can be about as complicated as you want to make it . it has many advanced features on it . i have been shooting 35mm for about 32 years . my most recent before this one being an elan ii e about 7 years ago . it 's still working also . the 30d is my first digital and i absolutely love the camera . i generally work in the aperture priority mode with a tripod at 100 iso when shooting landscape . but , the camera is very capable in auto mode as well without the tripod . i like to shoot raw so that i can tweek things a bit , but the jpeg images are very acceptable . it also works extremely well for portraits . it actually is better than the 35mm to me because it has very low noise even at higher isos . 1600 looks about like 800 film to me . this is a very good value for the money in my opinion
software neg 18.txt i have used ms streets and trips 2005 and 2006 for over a year . it has some map errors that i wish were updated . i read that the delorme street atlas was far superior , so i bought it . it only took one day for me to find a mountain of problems . not only is the mapping way out of date ( many years ) microsoft streets and trips 2006 maps are far more up to date . on many occasions told me to turn the wrong direction on roads even when the road does n't exist in that direction . it does n't even know the name of some very old roads displays.. . " unknown name " while driving on very old established roads it tells me to turn onto a road that is actually an elevated overpass that i am driving 30 feet below . the program actually wanted me to get back on the freeway by making a u-turn from an off ramp to an on ramp . i have used microsoft streets in all of these same areas and it is much more usable . the delorme is very confusing and frustrating . i 'm sending it back for a full refund
health pos 648.txt this is a wonderful product . it smells great as well as works great . i was worried that it would be too drying on my skin , but it wasn't . it seemed to balance between where it was needed and where it was n't
books pos 821.txt this book covers the entire state in one easy-to-carry book . whether you 're looking for romantic bed and breakfasts in the wine country , the hippest restaurant in san francisco , or the best beaches in la and san diego , this book is all you 'll need . it covers hotels ranging from a beach front motel in santa monica to the best places to stay in yosemite 's camp grounds
music pos 404.txt as a collector of musical scores , i thoroughly enjoyed this selection . it is rated as one of my favorites . but i must warn that if you do not like instramental style music , then this is n't for you . but if you are then this is a must
books neg 491.txt this book is not about india or indians . shallow characters . non existant plot . a dismal end to a not terrible beginning . unlike one of the other reviewers , i was unlucky enough to buy this book - what a waste
books pos 296.txt i 've just returned from a reading of this book by my philosophy professor , dr. luke barber . although he only read from a couple chapters , it was easy to figure out that this book is definitely a must have for anyone who loves life ( or would like to learn how ) . containing good , useful ( not to mention funny ) stories , you will be able to relate to the text easily and effectively ! i plan on purchasing this book and i would definitely recommend it to anyone interested ( and even those that are not ! )
dvd neg 546.txt i was disappointed with this longer version of the mill on the floss . i thought , being bbc and a long version it would be a definitive one , but i have to agree with the other reviewer . this version left out some very important events , and emotions seemed washed out rather than passionate and moving . i like long movies , but this dragged because it just does n't hold your attention . the 1997 masterpiece theatre version is so much more powerful , and keeps all important events intact , spending less time on maggie 's mother worrying about the fate of her china , and more on character and plot development , with a very haunting score . i really hope the other version is released on dvd-if so , i will probably donate this one to the library , because i ca n't quite see myself rewatching it . i would rather read the book , instead
music neg 927.txt i love the " smoky " piano bar sound of this album . i picture my best girl having a couple of pops late at nigh
software pos 858.txt the software is better than the previous family tree deluxe version i bought . it allows you to better classify potential matches and decide whether to look at them later or tag them if not interested . the merging process of two databases is easier and allows you to pick what info to merge or whether to keep some info as secondary
camera neg 700.txt i bought this frame in jan. ' 07 and the screen burned out march ' 07. i returned it and the newest one burned out last night - april ' 07. this product needs a redesign - the screens do n't work for long .
dvd neg 250.txt getting the family to watch any of these is like pulling eye teeth...and they were all for buying it
health pos 893.txt we have it hanging in a closet and it has been working great ! when it changes color all i do is plug it in for about 10-12 hours and then hang it back up again ! we are very satisfied
books neg 818.txt i was very excited when i got my copy of this book . i am a big fan of medical thrillers . i started with robin cook and michael palmer and from then on i was hooked . unfortunately for me , i selected the wrong book . it was very slow and he did n't pick up the pace until i was about 60 pages from the end . then all hell broke loose . i have a feeling that josh got a little help from people telling him to " spice it up " . all in all , i was disappointed and still do n't know what perv means . hope he does better on his second . i will give it a try but only the first 50 pages . if he has n't hooked me by then , i 'll give up
dvd pos 937.txt just today i randomly selected a movie , that movie was " henry " . i had never heard of it before , and i figured that i was in for your average , run-of-the-mill low budget slasher flick . though it is low budget , it is by no means your ordinary serial killer movie . in fact , the gritty film and minimalist effects only adds to the stark realism of this nightmarish character study . meet henry , a very quiet and serene man with vacant and staring eyes as well as a calm disposition . watch as he goes to work , watch as he hits the bar with his buddy otis , and watch as he calmly and systematically butchers random people . this film does not exploit the violence though ; it is very frank and direct , treating it as though henry were doing nothing more than cleaning the dishes or taking a stroll in the park . this movie is a lot of things , and when it was all over , i just had to sit back and take a few breaths , have a cigarette - and try to gauge my reaction ( s ) . i was surprised to note that while this film is disturbing , it is also pretty funny in some parts , though only funny in the blackest sense of the term . there is no social commentary in this movie , nor does it provide any closure . the dvd is great , awesome extras including fragmented interviews with the genuine serial killer henry lee lucas , awaiting lethal injection on death row . very fascinating
books pos 769.txt after a quick internet search i found many reviews on amazon as well as several other sites for this book and called in an order for it at my local barnes & noble that same night . dr. whitley has written this book in the most responsible and informative way without having to charge his readers for individual sessions ! in my opinion this is a must read not only for parents of underachievers but also teachers and counselors . we have always tried to stress the same learning structure and goals as the teachers . however , if at home you are on dr. whitley 's 10-step track and the teachers are still on a reward and punishment system - the parent needs to be proactive in dealing with the teachers and endeavor to obtain their support as a united front . although the steps may seem to be a cumbersome process at first read and initial implementation - the constant image of " mr. rogers " in the back of my mind is quite calming and thus the process can become a destressor for the parents . of course , that may not be so for those parents of hard cases where the child is at the stage where he / she is capable of " frightening " resistance . obviously , professional help with someone in-tuned with dr. whitley 's methods would be more advisable than his book ! to me - this book is for the parents of students in 6th grade or less - and possibly 7-8th graders . these kids still have some moldability and are n't as likely to have other serious issues that could be the source of the problem ( i.e. depression ) . for the grammatically correct - the substance of the content of the book far outweighs any such errors that are more the fault of the editors than the author ; 0 )
music neg 282.txt i understand why the beatles are the top sellers in rock music as they suck . they only made about two decent songs in their " hey jude " a pretty song , and " ballad of john and yoko " . the sixties was a horrible decade of rock music . i would have to be said that only very few good songs came out in the sixties , which one of them is neil young 's " down by the river " . i have listened to the beatles for about a month and thought how lame and pathetic their music was . they were hugely one of the most overrated bands of all time . this one album is definately not the album to buy at all unless you are a sick moron who does not have a good taste in music . here you will get 25 of the worst songs ever recorded . if you want good music , i recommend go buy albums from foreigner , dire straits , green day , guns n ' roses , and metallica insted . do n't buy this album at most costs as you will waste money on 25 awful songs
software neg 821.txt i bought vista to get the inevitable familiarity over with as early as possible and what i discovered was an operating system not even close to being compatible yet . half if not 80% of all routers are not vista-ready yet , so you ca n't get a network running for at least a few more months . any accesories you own with your system no longer work unless they 're compatible. . ( ie , printers , scanners , burners , etc ) so you not only buy an operating system , you have to buy an entirely new set of hardware to go with it . majority of my programs did not work with vista , be it adobe software , maya , poser and god forbid any games you own like warcraft . for the expense and complete hassel , it 's not worth owning until eveything is " ready " ( which will probably be a year from now ) save your money . - i returned my copy
software neg 405.txt i agree with reviewer mr. dietz . i was eager for my child to learn chess and we bought this new on amazon for $24.99. put it in and loaded it in . this game is so confusing and there are no instructions at all . no help menu either . we wasted at least 2 hours on it before i ejected it and apologized to her . there is nothing here to learn chess from
software pos 132.txt i wo n't include my website url here , but i 'm a professional photographer , who displays and sells his work at juried exhibitions . i 've been using photoshop since version 5.0 , roughly 6-7 years . frankly , i 'm surprised to see how many negative reviews there are here of photoshop cs2 , and that overall the product only gets three stars . i understand all the frustration , though . even on a top-of-the-line machine , " ps cs2 " can be slow at times . however , in my case , that 's because i 'm working on incredibly large files . for example , my camera / scanner combination typically produces 50 megapixel images . by the time multiple layers are added in ps , one image file can be 500 mb - 1 gb in size . this is exactly why i have a dual-opteron system with 4 gb of ram : so i can work on these monster files in photoshop ! for me , photoshop is a must-have . there are *no* alternative programs for me to consider that can handle my files and do what i want to get done . i do n't even want to mention all the advanced features that i use on a daily basis , frankly because that 's part of my edge as a professional . i 've spent over five years working in ps everyday , and have carefully studied several advanced books on ps . the learning curve is long , but the rewards are great if you have high goals and high standards . yeah , adobe 's got some major improvements to make , along the lines that other reviewers have mentioned . for me , the only real problem is poor and often wasteful use of system memory . and i would agree with other reviewers here that for most people , the full photoshop cs2 is probably a waste of money . photoshop elements is probably a better way to go , though i have n't used it personally . i know a good web designer who uses paint shop pro , and who seems to be happy . imho , some people are probably drawn to photoshop the way others are drawn to autocad or solidworks or 3d studio max . all these programs are incredibly powerful tools that can support an entire career if one puts in the time and effort to become a true expert user . you ca n't make a career out of ps elements , or paint shop pro , or gimp , or whatever else other reviewers may mention . ps cs2 is " the standard " for image manipulation
camera neg 733.txt i really wanted to love this camera . the camera is compact and could fit into the pocket of my jeans ! i did plenty of research before choosing to buy this camera so i expected all the quarks of the unit mentioned in other reviews . the 30 frames per second uninterlaced video is good - of course it 's not as good as full resolution 60 fields per second video.. . but the unit fits into my pocket ! another huge plus is that each " shot " is an individual file that can be dragged off the unit and onto a pc using a usb cable . no further processing - the file just copies and plays in quicktime , etc. another great feature is the ability to zoom while recording a movie , which most point and shoot cameras that record video will not allow you to do . now the sad part ; amazon has shipped me two units - both with bad pixels on the lcd and ccd . the bad pixels on the lcd , according to the manual , are expected and " not a malfunction " ; i disagree with that . for the cost of the unit there should be no bad pixels on the lcd monitor . the huge problem is the bad pixels on the ccd ! this results with white pixels being recorded on the files ; this is compounded by the " image stabilization " . the image stabilization shifts the image the ccd receives around in attempt to stabilize a shot of video - and it works great ! however , as the video is shifted and stabilized the white pixels are shifted around the screen as well . it 's almost like there are flies moving through every single shot you record . the bad ccd is the reason why i ca n't love the c6... i gave up hope and sent both back to amazon . i 'm not sure what i will buy now .
health neg 353.txt have had this less than two months and used it perhaps 3 or 4 times a week on slightly spritzed hair to tame the frizz . the thing died ! ! did work great while it lasted... . now trying a conair , so keeping my fingers crossed
dvd neg 279.txt jodie foster is excellent but there is no doubt that the daughter will be found on the plane at the end . the only mystery is in the details . no real suspense . i found the plot to be a little farfetched
camera pos 3.txt this was the best item i ever bought for my camera . i do a lot of walking with my camera , and thought i would use it as a walking stick , which i do , but the best part of this monopod is what i never thought would happen . my pictures are never fuzzy ! i can take low light photos and have they come out clear . i paid very little for this item and would never be caught without it and my camera . the three levers on the bottom allow for quick expansion at all different lengths . the carrying case allows for this item to be packed next to my camera without it getting scratched
camera neg 65.txt i have had this camera since jan ' 05 and have so far taken approximately 10 , 000 shots while on trips and at weddings . do n't expect much from it and you will be happy . as an entry level dslr it does what it 's supposed to do in ideal conditions . i find it 's strength is in taking people photographs in bright light , provided that they are not moving . cons : in landscape photography this camera is lacking - both due to inadequate megapixels and it 's inability to capture the natural blues and greens very well . battery dies fast . the battery i got with it hardly lasts a whole day of shooting , especially when shooting in raw mode . i have yet to fill up a 1gig card when shooting in raw mode ( approx 150 shots ) before the battery dies . surprisingly when shooting jpegs , i get more shots per charge ( over 300 ) but hardly enough to last a day . i cannot tell you the number of times the battery has died on me while i was out on a hike . so i always carry a backup film camera ( my trusty elan 7 ) . the viewfinder is very dim . when i look through my elan 7 and then through the 300d , it is painfully obvious how dark the image is through the 300d 's viewfinder . in indoor situations with low light this becomes a handicap , especially when having to resort to manual focus . autofocus in low light for the 300d is terrible . when shooting indoors , the autofocus hunts and ends up focusing on something behind your intended subject . i have lots of beautiful photos of walls and sconces in the background in sharp focus while the people standing in front in the middle of the frame are an out of focus blur . this is despite having a 420ex flash on my camera that uses an infrared beam to assist with the focus . the 420ex flash is supposed to " talk " to the camera and adjust the power in order to ensure the subjects are not over or under exposed . however , with the 300d , this is a crap shoot at best and many of my indoor shots are over / under exposed . after about five months , the shutter button started sticking . i would click it and then it would remain depressed . the shutter button would only pop back up after i jiggled it a little . another annoying thing about the camera is that the settings are displayed on the rear of the camera and not on the top beside the shutter button . and since there is only one thumbwheel , it is not easy to change aperature and shutter speed . for example , if you use the thumbwheel to change the aperature , then to change the shutter speed you would have to press another button while at the same time turning the thumbwheel . when you take thousands of shots over the life of the camera , this is a real annoyance . so would i recommend this camera : if you are a casual point and shoot person , it 's an affordable entry into dslrs that produces decent photos . but if you plan on shooting a lot indoors or want to take landscape photographs that can actually convey the colors accurately , look elsewhere
books neg 88.txt i have read 208 pages and i am bored with this book . i do n't think i can finish it
dvd pos 265.txt it is very nice and they delever it very fast
software neg 169.txt i was excited to plan out an interior design project with this tool , but ended up disappointed . they definately oversell it as an interior design tool . looking at the brochure online , i really think they must have touched up the images , because i do n't see any way that they could have created them with this product . as a matter of fact , the website punch interior design software package implies that they did just that . the reason i do n't give it 1 star is that the video tutorial section is really great . i wish all software had that .
software pos 808.txt i have tried other systems before and they took the " long way around " about getting to the rock and roll stuff i wanted . this one however jumps straight into what i wanted to know about rock guitar . the teaching method is fantastic . the program shows not only where notes would fall but includes a " virtual fret board " so i can see exactly what to play . this feature includes a " slow " version to start with then a normal speed version that ( in almost every case ) is exactly like the song being heard . i have played guitar ( that is fooled with guitar ) for about twenty years this program got me playing and learning every day for a couple hours . now i have much more fun jamming and playing songs i have heard . i recommend this for anyone beginners to intermediate
software pos 756.txt i have used other product of this kind and have never used any easier one . the video tutorials are the greatest help of all . the home plans they already have in the program are lacking but you can change them to what you want , but that is not the easiest task . i would recommend this product to anyone wanting to make their dreams come true
camera neg 106.txt while this lens has an attractive price tag , this lens has serious trouble with sharpness . only at high shutter speeds ( 1 / 250 and above approx . ) or with a good flash and middle apertures ( f / 8 to f / 22 approx . ) does it deliver sharp images . horribly slow autofocus . i am already saving to buy and l-series or the is usm version
books pos 796.txt this is by far my favorite novel by forster , and many rereadings have made it one of my favorite novels , period . in his first book , forster shows a subtlety and lightness of touch which i , at least , feel that he lost as he got more self-consciously & quot ; philosophical&quot ; in later books like howard 's end and a passage to india . he makes wonderful use of the italian settings and of italian art , bringing them to vivid life , undermining tourist cliches , and weaving them gracefully into his main themes . no other book i know balances romanticism and irony so perfectly
health pos 435.txt this is a good medium priced shaver . it does a good job , is fast , and easy to clean . it is attractive , and fits the hand well . not top of the line , but a good value . nothing negative to report .
dvd pos 179.txt i was thrilled to find this set here on amazon , and buying this set is so much cheaper then buying each volume seperatly . all of the dvd 's have some good interviews with the producers , designers , voice actors , and other people associated with the show . i do n't usually like watching interviews / things where people talk a lot , but i love watching those interviews over and over and seeing the steps they took to make this show as good as it was . i totall reccomend it to anyone looking for something a little different
software pos 280.txt i have got a virus that cause files " comment.htt " appeared in many folders and my previous antivirus can detect them but can not destroy that virus . i tried to use another 2 antiviruses but not effective . so i try kav and it works ! also kav does not slow my computer like some big-named antivirus . autoupdate feature is cool . we do not have to click anything and the prize is reasonable
dvd neg 622.txt this is a review of the dvd , not the world series . please save your comments re the series for the sports blogs . in this day and age , for major league baseball to produce a non-anamorphic dvd is absolutely pathetic . this dvd was made for a widescreen tv ( 16:9 ratio ) , but cannot take advantage of it , because it is non-anamorphic , meaning it will not take up the full widescreen . it has black bars on all four sides . they may as well have made it full screen instead , with a 4:3 ratio . also , in its rush to make a lot of money by getting the dvd out quickly , they decided not to include footage from the season , to show nothing of the tigers ' play-off run , and to provide mostly filler with worthless interviews from players . ( " gee , was it exciting to be out on the mound ! " ) i am an avid cardinals fan , but this dvd was not worth the $14.99 i paid for it . major league baseball , as usual , cheats its fans . another lesson they fail to learn from pro football
music pos 65.txt okay bryce nickelback yells not screams big difference and wtf sum 41 your kiding right sum 41 does not scream at all and you say " i like music " well you dont know any thing about music and another thing you poser is that limp bizkit is not metal they rap so how can you say that they scream all the time...limp bizkit is the worst band out their they give a bad name to music itself and as for you dont write anymore reviews until you know more about music wich with the information i just got from you that will take a long tim
books pos 841.txt ' google advertising tools : cashing in with adsense , adwords , and the google apis ' by harold davis is one of those specialty books that is absolutely a must have for anyone that wants to succeed with advertising on google . teaching you the ins and outs of how to use the behemoth marketing tools adsense and adwords , this book will instantly start producing results if you stick to what this says and learn to make ads that are not only seen , but seen often . 300+ pages of advertising yum yums will get more people to pull over and take a look at your web site , and you will better understand the metrics behind what kinds of advertising works and what doesn't . if you advertise with google or want to in the near future , you owe it to yourself to pick up this book and start following the advice it lays out immediately . you will not be disappointed ! ! ***** highly recommende
health neg 728.txt this is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . to enough room for diapers etc
books neg 946.txt susanna rowson 's & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; is not the first novel and certainly not the last to deal with the topic of the morally fallen woman . poor , pitiful charlotte finds herself in the midst of an immoral and unforgiving world where one transgression sends her on the road to permanent ruin . rowson encases her heroine charlotte temple within a world of virtue and vengeance . charlotte has no possible means of escaping her inevitable fate because the author / narrator makes it clear from the onset that she has written this story as a lesson to young woman . she has no real interest in charlotte as a dimensional character . charlotte simply serves as a symbol of lost virtue and symbols do not have real emotions or feelings . & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; was written in 1794 and became one of the first best sellers of the newly formed america . a morally abhorrent woman who pays for her sins almost always guaranteed a best seller in the eighteenth century and now & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; has been rediscovered and published in a scholarly press edition . was this reclamation of charlotte really necessary ? in the past twenty years , feminist scholars have rediscovered authors and texts that have gone out of print or been totally ignored by the literati . authors such as anne plumptre , frances burney , aphra behn , sarah fielding and charlotte lennox have been dusted off and given new literary lives . feminist scholar cathy davidson has taken charlotte temple in hand and aims to join rowson to the above list of rediscoveries . unfortunately , rowson does not warrant such treatment . rowson has a flat , humorless approach to the fallen woman story . unlike burney 's & quot ; evelina&quot ; or & quot ; camilla , & quot ; rowson does not imbue her narrative with needed levity . her pedantic iron-fisted preaching smothers the modern reader in a moral morass that confounds rather than illuminates . in many of the fallen women stories , authors would use the genre as a subversive technique to criticize the patriarchal structures . rowson does engage in such subversion within the novel . she seeks to preach to the young women who may fall victim to the unscrupulous man - - in england and america , it was not considered altogether lady-like to read a novel , so rowson would be preaching to young women who had already transgressed . rowson does not criticize men within the novel . she does not censure montraville for taking charlotte as his mistress , impregnating her and abandoning her for a wealthier woman . when he believes that charlotte has becomes his best friend 's mistress , he does not believe that she would soil her reputation even though she has ruined her life by engaging in an illicit affair with him . he aims to enact revenge upon the friend for acting & quot ; dishonorable&quot ; against her . yet if he had not acted dishonorably towards her , she would not have been reduced to a penniless , pregnant ex-mistress scrounging the streets for food and shelter . he never takes responsibility for his role in charlotte 's downfall . rowson had the perfect opportunity for savage criticism of the patriarchy with montraville but she fails to take it . instead , rowson places the blame for charlotte 's ruin on the women within the novel . when charlotte leaves the safe bosom of her morally upstanding family , she enters into the deviant world of the female who fail to protect her from licentious men . madame du pont errs in judgment by hiring the morally loose miss la rue . madame du pont sets charlotte 's downfall in action . rowson does not punish the ignorant madame du pont by killing her , she ends up an hysterical mess after the montraville / charlotte & quot ; elopement . &quot ; miss la rue , the woman who pushes charlotte into the arms of montraville , must be punished for being a promiscuous woman . she ends up poor and begs for her last scrap of food . she ends up dying painfully as rowson takes the opportunity to lecture her readers on the improper behavior of loose women . why would modern readers want to read this ? i do not think any intelligent would reader would want to subject themselves to the depressing experience of reading this novel . at 125 pages , it seemed to progress at such an excruciating pace . no character has any shadings . there are no subplots to divert the attention from the static charlotte . rowson does nothing to keep our interest . unfortunately rowson has become a heroine to feminist scholars for her feat as the first american woman to have a best-selling novel . that accomplishment is noteworthy as literary trivia , but it does not make for engaging reading
dvd neg 104.txt i was so disappointed in this film . the only reason i gave it 2 stars is because of the heart and soul terrance howard put into his acting . i love terrance , he is an outstanding actor but seeing him playing a pimp was just embarrassing . he did an excellent job with the acting but i would have much rather seen him portraying marvin gaye . call me naive but is pimping still actually going on in memphis , tennessee in this day and time ? and did terrance howard give ludacris ' character a cassette tape to listen to ? not a cd , a tape . i probably would have flushed it down the toilet too . and the hook to that song , " you know it 's hard out here for a pimp . " ya think ? with prostitution being illegal in the state of tennessee and all . i found myself cringing and sliding down in my seat in the theatre when she began to sing because i was so embarrassed . do n't get me wrong , i love my black people but sometimes when we get a chance to make a major motion picture we just do n't quite bring it , do we ? " the cookout " " how high ? " " girl 6 " " woo " " kingdom come " now we can add " hustle and flow " to the list . i 'm glad terrance howard redeemed himself in " crash . " do yourself a favor and pass on this one .
camera neg 547.txt the idea is wonderful but the window is too small to be useful . i have it , have pictures on it , but never show it to anyone . trying to find the right light to illuminate a tiny picture was ridiculous . easier to show a few pictures in my wallet
software pos 966.txt my legal ofice bought this product specifically for making unfillable pdf forms fillable . this feature works much better than we expected . i anticipated we would have to do a lot of clean-up to make the forms useable . that is not the case . about 80% of the forms we run through it come out perfectly . it seems to have trouble with forms that are really crowded with fields or have embedded fonts that we do n't have access to . designing fillable forms from scratch used to take us hours for a simple form . i could see most of the forms we use taking 6-8 hours each . running it through the formtyper takes a few seconds . the amount of time we save on this one task is tremendous . we have also begin using the ocr capabilites to create digitial documents from our paper files . the ocr seems to work really well , even with multi-generation copies . we are very pleased with the performance of this product .
music pos 998.txt with engines of creation , joe satriani did what he has always done : make the most of the tools he chooses to use . only this time , he uses electronic beats and soundscapes as the canvas on which to express his skill with the guitar . it would be easy to give this one listen and wonder where the guy who wrote " satch boogie , " " war " and " flying in a blue dream " went . well , he 's still here , only more than ever he 's showing us his incredible command of his instrument by being able to create sounds that so perfecly reflect what they intend to convey . i 've never heard robots having sex , but i 'm willing to be " borg sex " is n't far off . and although his calmly passing , sometimes noodling melodies appear to have little structure , that 's kinda how you 'd expect to see " clouds race across the sky . " the ' chorus ' to " devil 's slide " sounds as sinister as its name suggests and " attack " is as close to a musical sci-fi battle as i 've ever heard . to top it off , the album includes " until we say goodbye , " one of satch 's best ballads in his entire catalogue . if you 're willing to put a little more mental energy into appreciating the work satch put into this album than just waiting for the album to rock your socks off surfing with the alien-style , you 'll find that there 's an incredible amount of depth - - and musicianship - - to be found . it 's not a satriani masterpiece , but its a true testament to the man 's enduring creativity
health pos 323.txt these never leak and are good enough to wear over night . this is the only diaper i buy
software pos 136.txt the new adobe acrobat has a cleaner look and feel , and is more user-friendly . i especially apreciate the new quick distiller buttons in any microsoft application , which allow you to create a pdf in one click rather than having to go to file and print . some functionality as before , with some new organization and better look / feel
health neg 865.txt now i try to limit my caffeine intake to the bare minimum , like in tea . i do not drink coffee . so when i took stacker 3 ( just one pill ) i was jittery and could not fall asleep . i stayed wide awake the whole night and through the day . i felt nauseus too . now this was probably because i do n't drink coffee or anything that has a lot of caffeine in it , but i do n't recommend stacker 3 anyway
camera pos 402.txt i purchased this camera for shooting product photos for our website . i had been using a nikon coolpix at 5mp and wanted something relatively low cost with higher mp for the next few years . we plan to purchase something totally outlandish in a few years for super-quality printed photos , but for now , this camera is an excellent investment . easy and small enough for everyone in the company to carry on trips abroad , but inexpensive enough to not break our hearts if pocket-picked or eaten by a hyena . i 've read some reviews that talk about blurred photos...i 'm really surprised . i began using ours after i had my son , so many photos were taken without a tripod , one hand holding a nursing child and the other shooting photos...and none of the images turned out blurry . i have taken a few photos of my son now that he 's a six-month-old super action hero that look like cotton candy on my nikon but turn out crystal clear on the sony . the movie mode is a real plus . i 'm actually on this page today because i 'm looking to buy one of these for my personal use with video recording in mind . we have a digital video camera , but with plenty of 1g memory cards in hand , i 'd rather record action with this camera- -the quality and sound are worlds better . this is a lovely little low-cost camera that 's suitable for a wide range of users . i love it
books neg 152.txt i bought the book after a practitioner used this technique on me . however , the information provided is too extensive and confusing , listing far too many " points " in the body with corresponding healing touches to keep track of them . the body map listing them is in the first part of the book , so you have to flip back and forth to see what the author is referring to . i also thought some of the miraculous healing claims a little outrageous . the way this system originated is also a little murky . this is a better book for people training to learn this practice than for the lay public
software neg 703.txt i am a retired senior software engineer ( web development ) . i 've used many antivirus / malware packages both at work and at home . this is the absolute worst . after installing it , i got popup virus alerts from bitdefender every 10 seconds . no kidding . i could n't believe it . i previously had a copy of norton antivirus 5 on my computer which is highly reliable ( not like the latest version ) . i tried bitdefender based on the reviews below which were obviously written by people with less than standard operating systems . i use a pc with windows xp sp2 and ie6 ( ie7 is still buggy ) . although multiple runs of bitdefender show absolutely no viruses or malware on my system , i continue to get these popup " virus alerts " every 10 seconds when i browse the internet , which is way more irritating than anything norton ever did to my computer . in addition , it drags my computer to almost a screeching halt when i go to a web page i have n't been to in more than a day , sometimes even the ones i just went to an hour ago . i find this truly irritating and went to bitdefender 's website and tried their online chat . " jack " was completely worthless . he told me to completely wipe out my cookies , as well as a lot of other useful files for no apparent reason other than he 's probably not named jack , but something like vishnu and this was the first thing on a long list of things to tell people to do . very useless . not recommended for anyone . try to get an old copy of norton antivirus 5 and pay for the update feature ( $20 per year ) . much better than this garbage . in addition , there are virtually no options to customizing this product . you 're stuck with what they think is necessary ( like automatically deleting internet files you may need- -like shopping carts ) . it literally cripples your computer .
health neg 440.txt does not cut hair as closely as their other model er 43
books neg 419.txt this book was written in 1982 , updated in 1995. it has a whole section on cameras , which is n't useful since most of them are outdated . does n't even mention digital cameras . since it specifically discusses the mechanics of cameras , i found this book to be disappointing .
dvd pos 283.txt joe versus the volcano is a rare blend of comedy and insight that 's romantic enough for girls , funny enough for guys , with effective visual symbolism , and appropriate for the whole family . maybe it could be described as an allegory for escaping the drudgery of life , or something like that , but at any rate it 's pleasant to watch , at times profound , at other times funny . the beginning 3rd is about joe ( tom hanks ) struggling with hypochondria and a lousy , really crummy job , primarily because of the dreary work environment and the typical ( oppressive ) supervisor ( dan hedaya ) . ( i 've been there myself , when i worked at pines mfg h&h tooling and again at toro , where everyone was on dope . ) joe learns from his doctor ( robert stack , of the untouchables ) that he has a " brain cloud " and only a few months to live . the tone of the movie rises as joe quits his job and we feel like impending death is the best thing that 's ever happened to him . he takes a former co-worker ( meg ryan ) to dinner and seems to wake up to life for the first time . the next day billionaire lloyd bridges ( airplane ) enters joe 's life with a bizarre proposition : since he 's dying anyway , why not literally jump into a volcano - for the billionaire 's own financial motive - and live it up with unlimited credit at the his expense in the meantime . joe accepts and in his journey to the volcanic island learns about how to live life from helpful chauffeur ossie davis ( the client ) and the billionaire 's two daughters - both played by meg ryan ( sleepless in seattle ) , which makes a total of 3 roles for her in this great movie , making it even more pleasant to watch
music neg 619.txt i like these guys alot.i own a bunch of there stuff and love to see them live . i played this cd a few times liked it at first , but it did n't grow on me at all liked i 'd hoped.to cute for me , not spontaneous enough.i feel this cd will be just another dust collector in a short period of time.just let it rip guys , that 's what you do best.thank god my brother bought this instead of me.i bought live at cow palace ( the dead ) great cd
music neg 747.txt hmm.. . ok , maybe it was not the best reason to want to buy this cd , but i heard one of the songs on it , hashkiveynu , performed ( partially ) during an episode of the west wing , and it sounded amazing ( it was not the same cantor as on this cd ) . i am not jewish and not even very spiritual , but i wanted to have that song in my collection . i immediately searched the web for the info , got the name of the chant and found this cd . i almost purchased it without listening , when i found a different site , where they actually have rather long excerpts ( 2 min . ) of most tracks , so i listened to them . boy , was i relieved and disappointed at once ! relieved that i did n't buy the cd and disappointed that i could n't get the song i wanted ( i was willing to buy a whole cd for just 1 song , that 's how much it impressed me ) . the song sounds very little like the one from the west wing , although i do believe that the site where i found the info speficially pointed to this cd as having a recording of the same song used in the show . and i 'm sorry to say it but the voice also does n't hold a candle to the one used on the show - way too " operatic " , as mentioned by many , and harsh and even unpleasant-sounding to me . it took all the charm and candor right out of the song ( in the show , they had a much more natural voice do the song ) . i also agree that the choir does not mesh well with the soloist . if anyone knows where and if i can purchase a recording of this song done by a different singer ( if it can be the one from the west wing , i 'll be thrilled ) , please , let me know . in the meantime , i 'm passing on this cd. .
health pos 419.txt i used this while breastfeeding my son...and while i only had one issue of chapping , it was a lifesaver . i loved it then and have used it on several other things since..great on chapped hands , lips etc. but i do n't know what i would have done without this wonder creme . and it 's an essential baby gift that i tend to give at showers !
camera neg 580.txt even though amazon specifically recommended this bag for the panasonic lumix ( dmc-fz20pp ) camera , and even though i had to return it because it was too small , and even though my camera does not appear on the compatibility list shown in another customer 's review , amazon annoyingly continues to recommend this bag for my camera . to add insult to injury , amazon tried to deduct shipping from my refund by claiming that the error was not their fault . ( it took two emails to get the full refund , and that was even after i put a large message in my return box not to deduct shipping - - aargh ! ) regarding the bag itself , construction seemed sound and this might be a good bag for a small point-and-click camera that requires no accesories
music neg 748.txt i 'd like to second some of the other reviewers ' reviews of this album . it really lacks the energy and the coherence of the previous album . the tracks in general are a little slower . the production quality is overall about the same , but it is just not as " listenable " as believe was . the exception i find on the album is the " club mix " of " turn it around . " but if we think about that for a second , are n't we talking about " club music " here afterall ? are we under any pretenses that this is elevator or lobby music ? i should think not . what we expect from this band , and from a second album is an equal or better effort at club music . house-ish , trance-ish , and anthemic . it 's just missing on turn it around . i wholeheartedly recommend believe , but i 'd steer clear of this one unless you find it used .
health pos 857.txt i 'm not sure how well since i have never used anything like this before , but my bath water feel a whole lot better and i do not itch for an hour afterwards . i probably should have rated a 5 star , but i really have no base for comparing . i will definitely buy this product again .
music neg 776.txt i do n't even own this cd , and after seeing the reviews i do n't want it . 90% of the " 5 star " reviews are people with only one review . suspicious ? ? look for yourself , it 's right there to see . i have some other meditation cds that are very repetitive , i 'm not going to make the same mistake here , especially with such shameless self-promotion
books neg 746.txt i was trying my hardest to be creept out , but like someone said , it read like a pre-teen novel .
music neg 334.txt this stuff is so boring . i ca n't believe people still listen to this stuff . seriously come on people ! i laugh every time i see some guy trying to play this stuff anywhere . plus busta has admitted to having " relationships " with men if you get what i mean . makes you wonder about a lot of rappers... .
health pos 949.txt it works very well . i bought it for my wives calves . she has thick ones and after working out it become more thick . using this product , her calves become soft and getting thin . i 've used it too , i can relax with it because it helps the blood circulation .
health pos 438.txt i like the shampoo . it is nice . but i do not like the plastic bottle . because you cannot remove the cap
books pos 647.txt rolling stone has long been the " gold standard " for rock journalism . any history of rock and roll that does n't have billy joel or bob seger is all right by me . i need to update my copy right away ! great job , as usual , rolling stone ! ! ! !
dvd pos 866.txt stay tuned is about roy and helen knable . roy gets a new tv from mr. spike . the new tv has 666 channels that 's filled with shows such as " facts of life support " , " 30 something to life " , " sadistic hidden videoes " , " murder , she likes " and commerical parodies . roy and helen has 24 hours to live through hell 's channels . will they make it out alive ? stay tuned
music pos 659.txt my roomate from two years ago had a cd of doris ; and i must admit , at first , i was a little skeptical . but soon i became stunned by her vocal prowess and the emotional heart juice that she brought to these classic songs . plus , you should see her in a football uniform ! man can she catch the pigskin
health neg 285.txt i have bought 5 of these crappy pads and all 5 stopped working after a short period . buy the sunbeam 902 flexible heating pad- -much more reliable and useful too
dvd neg 489.txt i 've taken kickboxng classes and have owned other kickboxing dvds but did not like this one . its boring , kathy seems to be doing a number of the moves in an awkward manner and the other people on set are distracting - - from their outfits to their sloppy moves . skip this one
dvd pos 624.txt with season 4 the series starts to slide a little . i do n't think the show is weaker , it 's just that how long can you watch a story before it starts to seem like you been there done that already ? look , i love the godfather one and two , but three is just not as good . the total time it takes to watch the first two godfather films is a little over 5 hours ! that wo n't even get you through season one of the sopranos . i hope i speak for everyone out there when i say that as good as the sopranos is , it will never come closed to the godfather movies . so i guess it is just starting to get old . i will certainly be watching the finale episodes , i just hope it is n't too big a let down . for those who are interested the dvd set has great transfers , but few interesting extras
dvd pos 300.txt my dvd had english subtitles . the first act is the best . watching the young japanese couple interact is very rewarding . there is so much subtlety and silent communicating . no surprise , since it is revealed in the booklet that jim jarmusch ( director ) created this movie around the japanese actress ( youki kudoh ) . ' life is beautiful ' star ( and wife of roberto benigni ) , nicoletta braschi , stars in the second act . more great quiet acting . she is a true beauty . funny role by the late screamin ' jay hawkins . also appearing in the late joe strummer of the clash
software pos 707.txt i 've used several other protection packages over the years and am please to say that last year found trend micro . their internet protection is imho the best . easy to install , does n't eat up system resources , updates regularly , does n't conflict with other programs . currently installed on 6 systems and i have no complaints at all , only praise
camera neg 369.txt it got to me and upon my sons birthday and opening it ( a month or so later ) it worked for about an hour and since has not registered speed correctly . a huge disappointment and waste of my money
books neg 347.txt " ha ha ha hah ha hah ! " that 's stirling laughing all the way to the bank . or at least i hope that 's what he is doing . but sadly i suspect he more likely feels his wiccan / sca / dnd-infused vision of a post-apocalyptic society is a reasonable , nay , likely path we 'll follow should selective physical laws break down . quick ! stop me ! i feel the need to wave my sword , sing a gaelic song , and break out my cauldron ! the genre requires we make a leap of faith . and as a fan of the genre , i do so willingly . but having made the leap , it is annoying at best to be forced through this " tolkein as faith " drivel . but as i will likely read the entire series ( remember , i love the genre ) i have to hope that stirling leans towards the " thanks for the buck buddy " and is himself laughing at us all . but a picture is worth a thousand words and his mug on the inside cover tells me he believes this nonsense ! my recommendation ? read the book . laugh a bit . maybe laugh a lot . but do this with the library 's copy , not one you paid for
books neg 246.txt i was quite surprised and disappointed with this book . it is not at all a horror story , not at all mysterious , really it was very boring . normally i enjoy koontz books .
music neg 300.txt the " drummer " ( more like " the anti-drummer " ) on this is johnny cresci . he is maddeningly lacking in even basic garage band ability , and literally has no idea what a 6 / 8 blues meter is . how he landed on the same stage with these legends may be the musical mystery of all time . for me , mr. " clueless " cresci makes it nearly impossible to enjoy the brilliant performances going on despite his anti-rhythmic upchucking.....kinda like driving an aston martin with a flat tire ! i have tried to get beyond cresci 's chops for over a year of listening now , and i simply ca n't do it . if you 're a musician , his playing will make you extremely agitated . i 'm gonna have to trade this in , and go on listening to live adventures like i have for the past 37 years . this would have been much better with the drum tracks totally muted on the 6 / 8 numbers . granted , this is an historically significant release , but i think it should have stayed in the vault , or released with johnny cresci having been digitally removed or replaced
books neg 335.txt i bought this book because i was looking for some alternatives to pb&j . both of my children are now attending peanut-free / tree-nut free schools . this book has lots of ideas , but too many of them are variations of the peanut butter sandwich .
dvd pos 889.txt how families fall apart and mend themselves is the point of this star-laden 1996 movie , but stage and tv director jerry zaks , screenwriter scott mcpherson , and a trio of fine performances transcend the formulaic aspects to come up with something more resonant . based on a play by mcpherson before he succumbed to aids , the semi-autobiographical plot focuses on two estranged , middle-aged sisters . in florida , mousey spinster bessie has spent twenty years as caretaker to their ailing father marvin and their eccentric aunt ruth . in ohio , lee escaped family responsibility to get married and raise two sons in ohio only to see things fall apart . lee is on the verge of turning her life around as a licensed cosmetologist when bessie is diagnosed with leukemia and reaches out to lee and her sons as potential bone-marrow transplant candidates . the rest of the movie is mainly about how the sisters cope with each other when they reunite and what they do to deal with the inevitable . intriguingly , while the soap opera elements are strictly by-the-numbers , there is a persistent undercurrent of black comedy that effectively blunts the potential sentimentality of the piece . it also helps that meryl streep and diane keaton play the sisters . as the embittered , guilt-ridden lee , streep moves easily back into blue-collar , silkwood territory , and she unapologetically shows the edginess and jealousy of her self-centered character . however , it 's a vanity-free keaton who really radiates as bessie finding inner strength and contentment under increasingly dire circumstances . a year before " titanic " , leonardo di caprio effectively plays the last of his juvenile hellions as lee 's oldest son hank , a textbook example of teenaged , pyromaniac angst . the rest of the cast is fine in limited turns - robert deniro ( one of the producers as well ) as the bumbling dr. wally ; dan hedaya as his even more pixilated brother bob ; gwen verdon as wild-eyed , soap opera-obsessed aunt ruth ; hal scardino as hank 's self-controlled little brother charlie ; and hume cronyn , who is forced to play marvin with severely limited expression . there are predictable moments throughout , but some surprise and a few actually enthrall , including a seriocomic scene of quiet reconciliation when bessie recalls the drowning death of her open-mouthed carny boyfriend . there are no extras with the 1999 dvd release
camera pos 305.txt my search for a semi pro digicam made me do a lot of research and after i shortlisted a few models i had to find the best deal . amazon helped me get that deal and today when i look at the performance of the camera so far. . i am amazed.. . the camera was bound to be good but a special thanks to amazon.com for helping me get one at a gr8 price
books pos 370.txt this book is truly lovely- -about finding friendship in the most unexpected of places . i cannot imagine anyone not enjoying it immensely ( and you wo n't get tired of reading it to your kids either )
software neg 378.txt this product simply does not produce accurate results . it skips entire lines , words on the same line , and misreads even the most legible characters . it came bundled with my scanner , so at least i did not waste my money on it . do n't waste yours
health pos 405.txt these wipes are strong , have just the right amount of moisture , and do n't leave that slimy feeling that most of the major brands leave . my son had diaper rashes as a newborn ; when we were at home , we could wash / rinse him with water and dry completely before rediapering , but when we were out , and had to use wipes , his rash would flare up . after switching to these wipes and 7th gen diapers , the rash went away . later on , i tried pampers again , and the rash came back . using seventh gen really has kept his skin rash free . my older son also has a lot of itching when we use pampers ; much less with these wipes & diapers
dvd neg 774.txt as a character movie this is largely a failure , unless you find poignancy in " average-ness . " the characters are all one-note half-stereotypes who seem to be sleeping their way through the non-existent plot . " oh , look how average they are ! is n't it charming how they sit around and talk about nothing ? it 's so lifelike ! " and the main character 's seeming inability to be anything other than perfectly angelic at all times makes it awfully hard to sympathize with her . if this is intended to be an issue movie with the message robert ebert has suggested ( that anti-abortion laws are really just a form of discrimination against poor women ) , it 's taking a rather belabored approach just to tell us what anyone with a head on their shoulders already knows . munich and syriana also " bring to light " ideas that are not new or novel or shocking to anyone who cares to be informed and think about the world . perhaps the only thing truly shocking is that movies like this would need to be made to say such obvious things . perhaps next they 'll make a movie to make the point that , shockingly enough , the sky is blue , or that paint dries when applied to walls , or that grass grows . i imagine they 'd be somewhat more interesting than this effort
software pos 178.txt i have used this software from the very first as a paintshop product and it still delivers . it has improved with this version . i reckon i have tried all other albums and quick editors but this remains the best . for more detailed work a more expansive editor is needed but that is not the purpose of this program . what it claims to do , it does well . if only it had some way of adjusting the mid tones . a simple histogram would make this a top ranking program
software neg 101.txt pinnacle studio can assist the amateur videographer in ... hold on ... let me start again . pinnacle studio can assist the amateur videographer in editing some fairly interesting ... dang it ! give me a few minutes here ... pinnacle studio can assist ... ( samuel l jackson-styled expletive ) ... how many times is this gonna happen ? start and stop ! start and stop ! enough already ! one more time . now , what was i saying ? oh , yeah ... pinnacle studio can assist the amateur videographer in editing some fairly interesting video ... if you can keep it up and running . got the idea ? just adding my voice to the chorus of those have experienced the frustration of the pinnacle products . this is a bargain-priced product for which you will pay the cost of long hours of irritation and heart-pounding races to meet project deadlines -despite the software malfunctions . after installing the program , installing the patches , uninstalling the program and patches and reinstalling the program and the patches , i am still experiencing too many crashes . if you intend to use this program to piece together a video of uncle morty 's birthday party , the family vacation or your neighbor 's kid 's bar mitzvah , the cost and the ease of this program may outweigh the annoyance of its aforementioned weakness . if , however , your video projects fit under the category of " job description , " then i suggest spending the money for adobe premiere
books pos 154.txt " the case for faith " is the weakest volume in a strong series . strobel 's format is fun and engaging . i find his books as " un-put-downable " as any blockbuster page-turner . strobel holds a degree from yale law school , and he was an award-winning legal editor at the chicago tribune . he begins with a question : " does historical evidence support the historicity of jesus ? does current science support the existence of a creator god ? does it make sense to have faith in god ? " and then travels north america , interviewing acknowledged , academic experts on the question at hand . some rather shrill and not entirely rational attacks on the web protest : " but , strobel 's books are n't fair , because he only presents one side ! " perhaps these individuals missed the titles of these books , titles that appear quite prominently on the covers of the books . the first three words of each title is , " the case for.. . " no , strobel is not presenting the case *against* his topic ; he does n't represent himself as doing so . our christophobic media and academia presents that case relentlessly ; why should strobel waste paper and time doing that , when that is obviously not what he purports to be doing ? strobel 's accounts of his interviews of the experts are always reader-friendly , but he never talks down to his reader . if you do n't want to wade through the all too often alienating prose of too much academic writing , but want to get to the nub of the issue , strobel is your man . these techniques worked excellently in " the case for a creator " and " the case for christ , " but less well in " the case for faith . " there are three remarkably strong episodes in the book ; these episodes highlight what the rest of the book lacks . in the introduction , strobel interviews canadian evangelist turned atheist charles templeton . templeton presents a righteous , enraged case *against* god , and then , tearfully , admits how much he continues to adore jesus , and , indeed , to miss him . this wrenching passage masterfully captures the dilemma of many who have a love-hate relationship with their creator . in a few brief pages that serve as coda to chapter one , which addresses the question of suffering , strobel 's friend marc harrienger talks about his own pain when his wife ran over their child with the family car . this very brief account is testimony to the power of faith , even in the face of profound suffering . in another brief passage , strobel tells of his friend ron bronski , who went from being a vicious criminal to being a christian minister . these highly personal passages are what i will remember best from this book ; they were the most rewarding to read . the formal interviews with the experts did n't do a lot for me , and some were alienating . norman geisler 's treatment of the slaughter of the amalakites alienated me with its coldness and divorce from human concerns . it may be true that in war , children are killed with their adults - - when the us bombed german and japanese cities during ww ii we killed children as well as adults - - but any attempt to address such killings would have to be delivered with more compassion than geisler manages to convey . too , there is doubt , if not complete disbelief , among archaeologists as to whether these wars of conquest ever took place ( see israel finkelstein . ) the chapter entitled " church history is littered with oppression and violence " was especially weak , compared to other treatments of the same material . strobel 's treatment of the witch trials could have been improved with insights from lyndal roper 's work . strobel does n't handle understandings of nazism as a christian phenomenon well at all . the insistence that nazism was a christian phenomenon is revisionist and divorced from historical fact , and that should be made immediately clear as day in any discussion of the matter . nazism was a pagan and a scientific phenomenon . the pagan swastika was to replace the christian cross . scientific approaches to what constitutes life worthy of life was to replace " weak " christian ideas about humanity 's unity as god 's children and the value of all life . this is not made clear enough in strobel 's account . all in all , i have to say i 've encountered better treatments of the question of faith in other books ... and yet , strobel is such a good writer , and his technique is so engaging , that you could do worse than to read this book . read the other two books in the series first , though .
books neg 754.txt this book ( i believe ) is one of lem 's earlier stories and it reads like so-so pulp sci-fi . fiasco ( a true 5 star science fiction novel ) picks up the idea of contacting a new world and does it so much better . i suggest reading this only if you are a lem completist ( i 've read all of his stuff except 2 books )
health neg 418.txt though the description of this product says it 's filled with natural buckwheat hulls and rice , mine had a strong smelling deodorant coming from the removable bags you heat . i used them once and then packed them away because i do not like the odor . i wish the mitts had been unscented . perhaps over time , or by next winter , the odor will be gone and i 'll get some use out of them
music neg 833.txt i found the vocal delivery on this cd too distracting to allow me to relax . the frequent hesitations and awkward phrases prevent any sense of flow . the narrator 's soft , lilting voice is not by itself hard on the ears , but too often it sounds like she is improvising and reaching for words .
software neg 306.txt the real headache began when i attempted to " activate " the program . i spent hours trying to activate it , to no avail . i got messages saying that the serial number was invalid and a host of other problems . now , i would just like to get my money back . i have used scansoft 's stuff in the past and have been pleased with it , but , for whatever reason , omnipage 15 has become , for me , an expensive nightmare . after having spent many hours trying to activate it , i still have not succeeded . their support leaves a lot to be desired . for one thing , they keep " bankers hours " so do n't expect to get any help on the weekend or after hours
software neg 545.txt be careful with this program . my wife bought it , and i tried to install it for her on our pc . i made several attempts , and each time installation hung at a different stage of the installation procedure . when installation hung , i could not cancel or kill it , or even shut down the pc without pressing the reset button ( on windows xp pro ) . i went to the support page of the web site , and found a faq item about incompatibility with zone alarm . if you 're not familiar with zone alarm , it is a personal firewall and security product that is very common among home users . according to nova development , the only way to get scrapbook factory deluxe 3.0 to install is to permanently remove zone alarm . besides being a serious security risk , this is an extreme measure to have to take . this seems to be perfectly ok with nova development . they offer no workaround other than removing zone alarm from the pc . personally , this would be enough to give me pause about installing the product even if i did not use zone alarm . you have to wonder what the installer is trying to do that even the presence of dormant security software interferes with it .
health neg 326.txt takes forever to shave - and still does n't get everything - still have to end up shaving with a razor . frustrating - but good concept
camera pos 194.txt now that i have had this on my camera for a while now , my camera feels so weird with it off , i love the grip it gives and the extra battery life is great for those all day shooting events that i go to . i wish the buttons were the same plastic / chrome color as the ones on the camera but its a well built product and works fine so i cant complain
health neg 935.txt please take this horrible misrepsentation off of your web site , or at the very least practice honesty in advertising . this unit is so small that all it good for is ties , shorts and socks . i feel violated by amazon and conair
health neg 512.txt this review covers the fb11nr : same unit with slightly different control pushbuttons and with an ir remote . somehow , i had deluded myself into thinking that the spinning massagers under each foot were powered . nope.. . basically just built-in plastic versions of those usually wooden massaging rollers that one rolls one 's foot upon . that 's fine , yet when i want to relax , i 'm not thinking about moving my feet . fortunately , those are removable , and removal is exactly what happened . the killer was that the center massage wheel , which is supposed to be powered and is supposed to spin , was d.o.a. this unit went back to the store , and we bought an fb21 instead . amazon has no listing for that model , so i ca n't give a full review on it . it was good enough to keep . both the fb11nr and the fb21 share some traits . neither one really keeps water anywhere near its original temperature . sound levels vary from fairly quiet to quite loud , depending upon the operating mode chosen ( i did db measurements on the fb21 , but since amazon does n't list that one , you do n't get to see them ) . the fb21 seems to have slightly better build quality , and everything worked out of the box , so we kept that one
software pos 299.txt the product works pretty much as advertised and i received it in a fairly timely manner
books neg 797.txt if you have this book , keep using it for the review only , but not for the tests . i suggest , use 15 tests of meylani for the practice
software pos 845.txt i am very pleased with the way this remote performs . i have my computer conected to my tv , and with this remote , i am able to control my computer from the living room , to watch tv , watch dvds that i have on my hard drives , and listen to music . beyond media , works great with the remote , and is very user friendly
software pos 825.txt good product amazon had a great price . even though people say it is high priced i paid $44 after discounts . i tried the beta version and i liked it . beta version does not give you all of the features but enough to get the idea . easy to install worked at the get go . intuitive enough to figure it out . you may have to go through things a few times to understand what it means . did n't have a manual with the beta version and still figured it out . manual does provide information , works great . did n't need any help . had mcafee before did n't find any new virus . it works as good as mcafee but it is a lot faster when you start up . both kaspersky and mcafee have features i like .
dvd pos 469.txt i encourage anyone who enjoys superman and wants to relive a bit of your childhood in fun-filled nostalgia , to purchase the entire series of the " adventures of superman " ( played by george reeves ) ; the full set of all the episodes consists of 12 packed dvd 's ( i got mine all at once in a 3-pack collection , saving a little $$ ) . this is your chance to view the entire superman tv series , from the first episode to the last ( prematurely ending with the death of george reeves )
books neg 943.txt i seem to be in the minority , but i did not enjoy this book at all . the main character is , of course , the " only female to ever survive becoming a werewolf " but this was only the start of her amazing speshulness . i felt the plot got swallowed up by the author 's need to self-insert and ' play ' in her world , and the only reason i finished this book was that i was on a plane and had nothing else to do . the plot fishtails several times , and is n't all that interesting to start with . in short , i was left with a bad taste in my mouth concerning the author in general , and will likely skip her books in the future
books pos 23.txt this is the best book written by stephen king ! i 've read it twice and will probably read it about ten more times before i die
dvd neg 964.txt im sure ill here alot from this review but everyone giving this movie 5 stars i dont see how or why.have you people just been introduced to the movie world ? this movie is awful between the bad acting and the annoying music playing during talking scenes its flat out frustrating.rusty james brother in this movie acts like a mental case for you peole that havent seen this he dies in the end ( i just saved you an hour and a half of your life cause now you wont have to waste it on this crappy movie ) .between the bad music the bad acting and the plot / storyline going all over the place in this movie its seriously like being on a bad acid trip.what a waste of money and time on this one.ill donate mine to goodwill or the garbage can..not worthy of my movie collection
software pos 992.txt compared to fp 2000 and earlier versions , it offered some major improvements , even letting one code in ( gasp ) php with live preview - it is highly configurable , and easily tied into sharepoint ( well , i think that was the intent ) . it was quite an evolution , moving beyond fp2000 , with some fairly advanced features - while still retaining the " entry level , small business learnable " functionality ( albeit cookie cutter designs ) of previous versions . i was surprised to find it even offered options to strip out all code that hinted this site was made with frontpage ( an odd change , knowing ms ) , but also offered other code functions , some on par with dreamweaver - but do not mistake this for dreamweaver , even the first mx version . it 's still aimed at microsoft only - you really have to dig and tweak to configure it for anything else ( e.g , php , cold fusion ) - but it does offer some major improvements for flexibility over previous versions . mostly good , some horribly bad . the good - being able to tweak it to dozens of standards ' compliance , sec . 508 , xml'ish stuff , whatever . by default these things are not set up , so it does take some learning . what annoyed ( and freaked me out ) was that while it easily allowed for desktop development with access , to create database driven sites - the database had to remain in a public folder - ok , i suppose if you 're using it only on an intranet . i believe the point was to code with access , then mod it slightly to interact with sql server - but most folks probaby did not use it that way - knowing the history and " fire and forget " ease of use of frontpage.. . anyhow , i 'd call this a para-professional version . it has way more flexibility and functionality than any version of frontpage , ever . it is also going bye-bye . there will not be a frontpage 2007 , due to the switch to expression web ( which retains some fp functionality , but the " friendly " and pesky " bots " are gone ) . no more email bots , whatever bots - gotta learn how to roll your own .
software neg 232.txt an internet search found complaints about not receiving rebates . why would they give you something for nothing ? i have had several rebate problems and most of them involved free items or insanely cheap items . this " free " software could cost you $30 if the company decides they do n't want to pay
music neg 367.txt or in their entire career for that matter . i have tried to like this band , but greg dulli just wo n't shut up . every song is his snide lyrical diatribing , on and on and on . the guitarist keeps things mildly interesting , but on this album in particular , the drummer also wo n't shut up and play a straight beat for once . it 's like three guys in their own worlds , and they mash it together and call what they 've done songs . except for the one decent song they did , the only rock song i can think of that is hard , psychedelic , passionate , powerful , and set to a waltz beat of all things . " let me lie to you " is the best song they ever made , because everyone in the band is given room to breathe by the song 's framework and tempo . instead of piling in on top of each other till the end of the song like they usually seem to do , everyone agrees to hold back until the rushing choruses , and it 's less muddled and better orchestrated for it . it 's a shame they did n't do any other songs like this , at least none that i have heard . i tried to like them , i really did . i wanted to find the band that made that one song , and discover a whole treasure chest of dark , passionate , noisy music like that . too bad , no wonder they drifted apart
dvd pos 508.txt i love dancehall queen ! i lost my first copy ( vhs ) so i replaced it with a new copy in dvd . i never get tired of watching this movie and i consider it a jamaican movie classic right up there with harder they come , rockers and smile orange . it is a nice twist on the traditional rags-to-riches story . although her character 's morals are somewhat questionable ( she practically " sells " her daughter to a high-paying local don ) , you ca n't help but root for the protagonist marcia
music neg 120.txt while some would call orange and acme " studio " albums , suggesting that they lack originality , but they have rythm . i would call myself a big jsbx fan , i play orange and acme constantly , however i feel that this album is a little too much free form , and free noise for the everyday listener . i would recommend that anyone interested in jsbx start with acme and then move on to orange to develop an appreciation for jsbx , because it is a rather acquired taste
music neg 736.txt so far , so good...so what ! ( in it 's origional form ) used to conjure feeling . the remastered edition sounds like a group of studio musicians tried to remake the album and just did n't quite hit the nail on the head . if you bought this album on cassette when it came out in the late 80s , get your hands on that version .
health pos 185.txt these items are neat little towelettes that come in their own attractive and useful plastic container . they are very handy , and work wonders for insuring cleanliness . personally , i sure wish i had had these when my first two children were small . on the down side , flushing these things *can* result in plumbing problems , as i experienced . apparently , if your sewer line is relatively new and clear , they should give you no problems . but , if your system has any place in it where things can collect , you will face problems . according to my plumber , toilet paper begins to break down quite quickly , but these towelettes can take over a month to do so . ( my house was built in 1916 ! ) so , overall , i do like this product , and i recommend it . i just recommend that if you live in an older house , that you do not flush them
music neg 23.txt many albums , including this one , have the problem that all the songs pretty much sound the same ; but this also has the troublesome problem of music that is too easy on the ears and that never gets very exciting - except for the first two tracks . the use of many poetry elements in their lyrics ca n't save the blandness of the music . " what about everything " and " life less ordinary " are good songs . the rest pretty much sound the same and will put you to sleep .
books pos 217.txt this is hawking 's attempt to write about complicated physics for those of us who did not do well in math and therefore did not take the advanced sciences requiring ability in math . while still not an easy read , it it much easier than the brief history of time that he wrote for laypeople before this . a person who wants to know what the current scientific thinking is about the nature of the universe will find it worth spending the time it takes to read and digest this book , as they will be reading about it from one of the leading scientists in this field . older teens who have some interest in sciences may also find this to be a helpful introduction to the concepts they think they want to study in depth
music pos 142.txt this cd has tons of power , and soothing energy . it really shows off how well part understands the human voice
software pos 427.txt bought this after thoroughly enjoying gt legends . if you want to experience the best driving sim on the market , buy gtr2. while i love rally , sprints , nascar and most other driving games , this one sits on the pole . complexity level and your own personal motivation to get better keeps it from getting mundane . graphics rock . get your system up to speed as all these other review suggest and that means a good wheel / pedal combo as well . how good is it ? i 've had it several months and i still say it is the best there is . semper fi
dvd neg 817.txt this was not the entire version of the hbo special . i was disappointed because some of my favorite parts were missing from this dvd . if i had known it was n't the entire show i would n't have bought it
books pos 962.txt there are so many design books , but the graphis series always asure you the best work quality .
health neg 179.txt i have gone through 3 of these straighteners ( i know , you think i would have learned ! ) however , my first one was lost , my second one stopped working in a matter of months , and the third one stop working in less than a month ! ! i purchased the third one ( despite what happened with the second one i had bought ) because it was an affordable price , i liked the size , and when the second one i had did work it worked well . unfortunately in a matter of a few weeks one of the plates burned out so only one side works ( causing obvious problems ) . i would recommend the sedu it has gotten great reviews and is more expensive , but i think when it comes to straighteners you get what you pay for
health neg 482.txt thought this would work , should have known better.a pen light would do the same thing.do not waste your money , or you will look as silly as me.i returned the piece of jun
books neg 91.txt the author is a journalist , but he seems straight out of the chamber of commerce or a right-wing think tank . like business elites , the author basically does not particularly like democracy . in his view societies should be run by elites from several areas - even authoritarians if needed . he is a proponent of constitutional liberalism , based on laws , rights , especially property rights , separation of powers , with much of that power being held in unelected bodies , and most of all free-market capitalism . he finds that set of conditions to be far more important than the exercise of democracy . his low regard for democracy is easily seen in his minimal interest in the manner in which a society of laws is created or even its exact nature and who benefits . most in the west do care . rights and legal systems are not neutral : the manner of construction determines relative winners and empowerment . though the author 's real target is us society , he looks at the results of democracy over the world . and of course , he finds plenty of examples where democracy does n't work . a country in the grip of fanatics will invariably elect and support leaders who are little concerned with rights and legalisms . but it is ridiculous to imply that those situations have any bearing on democracy in the us . in the us , the author is most concerned with what he calls the democratization of society over the last fifty or so years . in actuality , he is focusing on mass culture that is spread through mass consumption as vigorously promulgated by globalizing capitalism . in this era , elites in finance , business , law , banking , health care , various media , etc have likewise been swept up , in fact are the driving force , in a money-first culture . he contends that such elites once had an ethos of service and basically kept our democracy on track via subtle pressures on the masses . it is simply a cynical misrepresentation to hold that massive shopping at wal-mart and the like represents democratic empowerment . the actual test of democracy would be the ability of a community to stop the wal-mart juggernaut . he especially decries direct citizen actions . he is correct to observe that referenda and initiatives have had unintended consequences , often being usurped by special interests with deep pockets . however , he little notes that citizens have taken those routes due to the unresponsiveness of legislative processes . it 's hard to take seriously the stance that the robber barons of the late 19th century , and their heirs , should be viewed as elites who kept our democracy on course , after bribing entire state legislatures as well as members of congress to accumulate vast sums . if citizens had actually been democratically empowered , such distortions of the political process could have been prevented . the theme that cash sanitizes crooks is as american as apple pie . his view that such unelected bodies as the supreme court and the federal reserve board prevent illiberal democracy is also questionable . who could be unaware of the politicization of those bodies : the embarrassing handling of the presidential election of 2000 or the cheerleading role of the fed during the stock market bubble of the late 1990s benefiting financial elites ? no , rule by elites has very frequency distorted and usurped democracy , not buttressed it . if the author put journalism first , instead of being an apologist for 21st century capitalism , he would note the death grip that corporations now have over our society and the political process , actually foiling democracy . first and foremost that control is solidified through the mass media and the education system , distorting and muting all challenging ideas . it is not surprising that americans have been unable to mount any significant challenge to this latest version of laissez-faire , free-market capitalism that is involved in such harmful developments as free-trade agreements , worker visa programs , massive immigration , out-of-control energy policies , broken health care systems , huge cutbacks in various safety net programs , massive redistribution of wealth upwards , the gutting of our manufacturing base , etc. the list could go on . informed , empowered citizens would not permit this system of corporate rule to exist . the us most decidedly is not in a state of too much democracy , but is in the throes of democratic failure , which election hoopla very conveniently disguises periodically . this is the story of democracy that the author chooses to ignore . it is surprising to see the fairly high ratings of this book . americans are supposedly fiercely democratic . yet here is a book that clearly advocates elite rule , even anti-democratic generals if need be . the book is really worth reading only to see the willingness of some to contain citizen empowerment .
health neg 244.txt i 'd give it 0 starts if that was an option ! a total piece of crap ! try cleaning it , and the head falls apart ! try putting it back together , and plan on doing nothing else for a long time ! do not buy this razor
camera neg 929.txt careful , this cable may work " for most digital cameras , " but it does not work with canon digital camera
software pos 71.txt the service was good and it came undamaged and the product was easy to use and it has been very satisfactory for my needs . the description of the product was accurate
music pos 40.txt i 've gotten a copy of this cd for every friend i have so they can know what i 'm talking about when i crack a random joke . my mom even loves it and she would not be considered the ' target market' . for mitch check out his first cd , if you can find it in stores , if not , go online
camera neg 572.txt i love my nikon coolpix 5900 however , the lens failed in less than one year . service took 6 weeks to repair . the lens failed again after less than 10 days after repair . why is the lens failing to open again ? i absolutely hate the inconvenience of returning this item again for service although i do have a paid plan for it . why ca n't warranty be fast , local and competent
software pos 30.txt the new adobe acrobat has a cleaner look and feel , and is more user-friendly . i especially apreciate the new quick distiller buttons in any microsoft application , which allow you to create a pdf in one click rather than having to go to file and print . some functionality as before , with some new organization and better look / feel
software neg 911.txt i 've been using quicken for windows for years . since i recently bought a mac , i thought i 'd switch quicken over from mac to windows . forget it ! the mac version is totally incompatible with windows , you must export your data and then re-import it on the mac . this works ok for simple checking / visa accounts , but it **fails completely** for investment or brokerage accounts . if you look on quicken 's support site , they say " reinvest dividend , reinvest income and banking transactions in an investment account must be *manually entered* " hello ? ! like i 'm going to manually enter 12 years of investment transactions ? with most major products ( adobe creative suite , ms office ) , the same files work transparently across mac and windows . quicken 's inability to even import the data , nevermind actually opening it , reeks of incompetence . stay away from this product
health pos 378.txt after buying several different seat cushions for my office chair i found this seat and it is the best choice i ever made . the seat has a low profile but is extremely comfortable
camera pos 241.txt the balance with the grip on is really much better . yes i am aware there were problems with some earlier ones , but mine seems just fine ( knocking on wood as i type )
software pos 108.txt it is wondeful software . simple , easy to use , user-friendly , and very accurate in the pronunciation . buy this cd . do n't waste your money on the subscription at merriam-webster 's website . also try the medical dictionary . it is as equally superb
books pos 853.txt let me just say from the start i worship at the alter of richard meier , i absolutely , love his work . it 's so clean and light and refreshing . this book does a commendable job of showing some of mr. meiers most recent work , i especially like the section on his apartment towers in manhattan , these small towers are as gorgeous as they are contriversial , and the building got a great write up in vanity fair a few years ago , well worth the read , anyway the text in this book is well researched and the images are first rate , let 's just say that if you have any interest in richard meier or just great modern architecture then i believe you will not be disappointed in this purchase . highly recommended
dvd neg 916.txt the slick stylish spanish thriller " nobody knows anybody " is set in seville during holy week in the year 2000. newspaper crossword puzzle developer and would-be writer simon cardenas ( eduardo noriega ) is struggling as usual with his novel when he receives a cryptic telephone message ordering him to use the word " adversary " as an answer to an upcoming crossword clue . since the message also contained threats , simon does what he 's told , and he soon finds himself embroiled in a nightmarish sequence of events . directed by mateo gil , " nobody knows anything " opens with a scene of a man stabbed to death with a crucifix through his heart , and this scene is one of the ideas that feeds the notion you are about to see some sort of horror film with religious overtones , but the plot moves away from the horror aspect into straight thriller territory . the film- -which owes much of its style to american thrillers- -is slickly produced , and the exotic settings of the sights and sounds of seville help , but the preposterous plot with its huge gaps in logic and implausibility ultimately left this viewer disappointed and feeling a bit cheated by the experience . i was intrigued at first by the film and drawn into the plot . however , once the plot and the mystery aspect became clear ( and i ca n't give away too much here ) , the film became silly and trite . there 's little character development- -our hero is a flat , dull passive character , and the film 's emphasis is on the thrill aspect . a slick product that is ultimately empty and really ridiculous , this film is in spanish with english subtitles- -displacedhuma
music pos 428.txt ac / dc is the greatest band ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this cd has my fav song on it rock n roll damnation i luv both eras , bon scott and brian johnso
health neg 44.txt like many other negative reviews , i 've experienced the same problems with this razor . i guess less blades is more and i 'm going back to the m3 power . i 'll be brief about the problems : 1. there 's more " pulling " when you shave . it felt like the hair on my face was being pulled out than cut . 2. the razor is harder to clean off . 3. i would get slight razor burn and i never get razor burn . 4. it 's more expensive than other better razors out there . so there you have it . if you have to try it out , hey it might work for you . but please , keep your receipt ( and packaging ) in case you want to get a refund.* * if you 're reading this is 2009 , chances are that gillette 's money back guarantee will no longer be around . however , there will probably be a gillette razor with 12 blades by then
dvd neg 282.txt im a huge fan of writer sean mcginly , his classics include venomous starring treat williams and sonic impact with ice-t . mcginly 's films are the topic of discussion at film schools all across the world , he is a renowned talent and i have to say that i was appalled when i saw his latest film two days . i think he should stick to writing as the film was virtually without direction and the cast ( which included hacks like paul rudd ) was not in the same league as superstars traci bingham and ice-t who have graced some of his previous work . please sean , stick to doing what you know best and stay away from the intellectual stuff , leave that to idiots like capra , wenders , scorcese etc. they are not in your league .
music pos 159.txt gun 's & roses came out in the nick of time . record companies were mass producing cookie cutter bands and they all sound the same . g&r made their debut on the music scene in 87 but did n't get big until almost late 88 early 89. appitite is a true masterpiece . welcome to the jungle , it 's so easy , mr. brownstone , my michelle....the list goes on and on . put it in turn it up to 10 and rock on ! the they made a mistake . they realeased an albums worth of great songs on 2 albums . so instead of another masterpiece they wound up with 2 ok albums . then they vanished . anyone who is a fan of the music but could n't care less about axl should pick up velvet revolver with slash and scott wieland from stone temple pilots
health pos 281.txt fast , gentle , light , hair dryer . no frizz , quick drying results . the diffuser attachment is rather large and hard to pack into a small travel bag but gives good gentle air . the dryer is very light to hold and has a cold setting to finish the job . the motor can be rattling and rather loud but over all performance is excellent for daily use . do n't waste your money on the expensive ones
books pos 220.txt it helped me place myself in the right direction as far as choosing a college . it 's hard to choose colleges just by what you hear by older people but this book is extremely useful in information you need to know before visitng a college . i would reccomand this book . the software was useful to me , however if you know how to write a formal essay it 's no big deal
software neg 91.txt microsoft is simply sloppy with their programming ! " open office " is a better program , is open-source ( meaning if you do n't want some paperclip 's help , you simply do n't download that part of it ) and open office is free ! it is also compatible with most of the functions that ms office uses ( and is upgraded with new features faster than ms 's product , which is a rip-off ! ) ms 's office 97 was the best of the office suites , even though it did have it 's problems , spending the money to supposedly " upgrade " to this ( or any other microsoft product for that matter ) is simply burning your money ! ) open-source software is free , it 's perfectly legal , it is open t anyone decompiling it , so if you want to make your own custom goodies , you can , but then there are so many written by so many people willing to share , you do n't have to develop your own , as there are already *so* many freebie ones ( and some low-cost additions by some places , but most are free ) that if you want whistles and bells , or even a christmas theme in february , you can get it for open office ! ( not so with this or any microsoft product for that matter ) simply sloppy programming - nothing more , and you can get a fully functioning and compatable office suite for free legally
health neg 490.txt it vibrates like a massage mode of sonic complete . you 'll get less than what you pay . you should brush hard even while it is vibrating
health pos 296.txt i 'm more than satisfied with this scale . i was concerned that i would have to buy a more expensive scale to get good accuracy ( see reviews of other digital scales in this price range , ) but i 've tested it several times over several days , and my weight varies by 2 pounds or less over the course of the day . my first weigh-in of the day is pretty much the same as previous mornings , sadly . the neutral color ( grey ) and glass would blend in well with just about any decor , and the lcd screen is easy to read , with 1.5 inch high numbers . the only thing i do n't like about it is that it creaks quite a lot when i step on it , even though i 'm nowhere near its 330 pound maximum load . that problem is in my head more than in the scale : i do n't think it 's going to break , but it sounds like i 've got two people standing on it at once- -i 'm not that fat , am i ? an added feature is that when i 'm craving , i go into the bathroom and look at it , and know that it is n't going to fall for any of my excuses tomorrow morning . so the last piece of cake still sits in the fridge . the scale has intimidated me into not eating it . accurate , easy to read , easy on the eyes , and intimidating- -i think it 's a good deal
dvd pos 451.txt i do n't often watch foreign films . the reason being , as an american , i do n't feel that i can ever fully grasp the cultural and linguistic subtleties needed to truly understand and enjoy these works . french... . spanish... . german.. . etc... . regardless of nationality , genre , or time period , they generally leave me cold . with that in mind , i went into this with no doubts as to the film 's greatness , but again , did n't think as an american i would be able to see it , as the situational nuances would be lost on me . as it turned out , i was wrong , and found a sublime masterpiece that went down easily , and did n't seem obtuse or " foreign " . the experience could best be likened to watching " the graduate " , as you find yourself viewing seemingly mundane events and conversations , but the subtle turns in those events and words speak of such depth and gravity that you feel almost driven to your knees by the masterwork that you are watching . i wo n't recap the storyline , or discuss details of the movie itself , i just wanted to say that i went into this skeptical , expecting to find a picture that i could n't relate to , but what i found was an immediate , compelling and moving work that speaks volumes of the human condition .
health neg 295.txt i purchased this humidifier , and it worked wonderfully with a soothing blue night light for my son for about a week . one night , it just stopped producing that humidifying mist and could not be coaxed into working again . i called the company , who told me to promptly cut the cord and throw it out , and they would be sending a new one to replace it ( with no cost for shipping to me ) . i received the new one a week later , which to my disappointment , did not have the nightlight feature . i also noticed it was from a different brand company . i ca n't remember the name but it also began with the word " sun . " so far , the new humidifier is working fine ( about 2 weeks now ) , but it has a lower water capacity so i have to refill it every night ( vs. every 2 nights with the original one ) and the lack of the nightlight is a big disappointment . the process of replacing , however , was very smooth and also free so i 'll give them 2 stars for that
software neg 357.txt i 've used the past few versions of acrobat and this one is a disappointment . navigation is a pain . instead of the familiar window and arrows at the bottom of a page adobe 's engineers have moved navigation to the top of the page and have only a single arrow.the whole look and feel is most unmac-like , more like a windows application . i suppose if i wanted to take the time and energy to study the user manual i would find the application friendlier but i do n't expect to have to re-learn to use an application when i upgrade . if you 're thinking of upgrading , my advice is do n't
camera neg 484.txt i only had it for a few hours and after that i knew i would be returning it . its video quality is quite horrible , just better than a videophone and average of a webcam . i should have expected it from something this small and this inexpensive . but honestly , i prepared myself for something at least better than what this camera is . it 's quality will not be any better unless your outside , and if you like me and spend the majority of the time hosting parties and wanted something small to capture the fun , this would not do . you basically need spotlights in the room if you want to capture something on film instead of a shadow . this also is a pain for mac users . it says it 's able to import files , and yes it can , but in asf format . now you can play it in vlc , but think you 'll be able to convert it , think again . it converts just fine , except without audio . i 've tried converting the video into several different formats and all of them come out without audio . so , mac users , pick something else . it is being returned , for certain
health pos 962.txt i am a woman of color and this product eliminates any discoloration without irritation or disturbing my combination skin . i highly recommend this product for women who need to brighten their appearance once a week . after 5 years i continue to use this and the pumpkin exfoliating mask . the papaya is good as well
books pos 400.txt the greatest paragraph in all of singer is the one at the beginning of his story , shosha , where he says he knew two dead languages , hebrew and aramaic , and was educated to read about the cultic requirements of a temple which had not existed for 1900 years ; he knew yiddish which he considered perhaps not a language at all , and that although his ancestors had lived in poland for five or six hundred years he knew only a few words of polish , although he lived in poland for all of his youth until he came to america . nothing says more about the unhealthy state of the jews than this . zionists should use this quote as the supreme justification for their idea that jewish life in the diaspora was very disfunctional and certainly unhealthy
music pos 798.txt nobody captures the spirit and essence of a city at night like new york city 's own ultrablue . the group is the brainchild of keyboardist / producer john smatla and jazz guitarist dave stryker , who bring in an nyc all-star cast of players in addition to their impressive band ensemble to create a sophisticated and evocative musical mood . ultrablue is the latest outing for ultrablue , and the first release on 215 records . the project drips of chill , smooth jazz , and rich , rhythmic textures that will keep the project in replay mode for a good while in your car and home players and on your ipod . special guests include singer / saxophonist pete belasco , trumpet / flugelhorn player randy brecker , female vocal group , allure , flutist nestor torres and brazilian vocalist gabriella anders . from the sexy saunter , " guilty pleasures " and the spicy and sultry , " indiscretions , " to the scintillating " soul candy , " ultrablue provides such a cool groove and flow that it really does lend itself to be the perfect soundtrack to a night out or in ( for that matter ) . pete belasco is featured on the sensual cover " the summer knows " while nestor torres livens things up on the groove , " jungle fever , " and the delicious gabriela anders delivers an alluring vocal on " destiny . " the project 's first single , " shiver , " is already attracting radio airplay from coast to coast.. . we expect big things from ultrablue on this and all of their future releases . this is the new standard of smooth jazz . ~sandy shor
dvd pos 649.txt this is a fantastic version of taming of the shrew . for anyone who is interested in really studying the text ( and hearing it spoken correctly ) , this is the version for you ! the actors speak clearly and loudly and the main point is that they completely understand what they are saying - ( yipee ! ) they also have an uncanny way of " speaking the speech " which gets it across to the audience as clear as day . you dont need to understand ' shakespearean verse ' to see this performance . the actors breeze through this with ease and simplicity and look like they are having a blast - which i belive they are !
software neg 247.txt there 's a reason why this stuff is significantly discounted . this is definitely one of the worst products i have ever bought . i did not do much research . i think the data may be in there , but i could not learn how to make it work . the interface is horrific - unusable . do n't do it
health neg 526.txt the disadvantage is you have to press on button while you style . it makes my arm and finger tired
music neg 369.txt there are 2 good songs on this disc , stinkfist and aenema . the rest are pure crap . half of the tracks are n't even songs , they 're just a bunch of noise . no wonder tool wo n't put any of thier music on itunes or napster . they want you to buy the whole cd so they can have your $14 for like four real songs and ten tracks of filler crap . if you gave this cd 5 stars there is something wrong with you and you should be beaten severely
health pos 855.txt this is a great tool . this help people to get back on track " physically " . it is hard to find effective training tools . this one is great for those who need back door training . simple to use and rock hard ! up yours
music pos 421.txt this movie was a favorite in our household and my daughters always enjoyed the karaoke a the end of the dvd , so we searched for the soundtrack . i actually chose this volume over volume 1 for two reasons...it contains the favorite from the movie , " i want to grow old with you " actually sung by adam sandler and secondly , because volume 1 contains the song that adam sandler sings about his ex-girlfriend , which contains quite a bit of profanity , so i did n't want to get it for my kids . i would have given it five stars , but we find the introduction by billy idol at the start of the last track , " i want to grow old with you , " which is dialog from the movie , to be distracting and it gets tiring to have to listen to over and over when you just want to hear the song , which i mentioned was the absolute favorite
camera neg 460.txt bought this about a year ago and now it has a lens cap error ( appears like the shutter never opens ) and will not record video . spoke with jvc and they seemed to know that this is a problem and are having me send it in . will update my rating after i see what is wrong , if they can fix it , if they will stand behind their product . watch for more details . before it failed only complaint i had was it was a little flakey with lighting but otherwise worked okay for the price
books neg 739.txt we went to a book siging to get this book . truthfully , i was n't sure if the book was going to live up to the hype . t.o. graciously signed books and all proceeds went to charity . i was surprised this book was so well written . my four year old wants me to read it over and over again . he does n't like for me to read to him but he loves this book ! it is the perfect book for children . its not too short but not too long . i have read this book at least 10 times in the past 3 days . i would recommend this book to anyone with small children . it is great book for little boys because of the football theme . however , the lesson is something everyone can appreciate . great book
music pos 525.txt as a kid , out of the blue was one of the first albums ( actually , 8-track ) i paid for . that decision was made after hearing " sweet talking woman " as a single , and after i bought it , the album grew and grew with me . every few weeks , a different set of songs stuck with me as memorable . the first few weeks , it was " sweet talking woman , " " turn to stone , " and " mr. blue sky " ( all pop perfection ) ; the next few weeks , it was " wild west hero , " " across the border , " and " jungle . " after three months , there was n't a corner or edge of the album i did n't know and like . thirty years later , the remastered cd finally comes around and , through the fan club at [...] ( which i heartily recommend because of their labors of love ) i bought this and balance of power ( review coming ) . i have to say i was a little scared to put this on again after all this time as my tastes of music have evolved and the label of " pretentious " has been placed on them by my 16 year old son ( a prog rocker , nonetheless ) . a big sigh of relief- -the cd holds the same joys it did before . the moog synthesizer riff by jeff lynne in " turn to stone " still pumps the heart , while " sweet talking woman " and songs like " wild west hero " and " jungle " still delight . but i 'm amazed at how things like the " concerto for a rainy day " ( four songs including " mr. blue sky " - -still the brightest jewel on this album ) still hold together , and songs like " stepping out " and " sweet is the night " step up to dig their hooks into you even today . while the remastering is very good and makes some tunes step up ( " across the border " ' s horns beg you to crank them up ) , there are a few drop outs ( " night in the city " has a couple ) , and of course , my tastes probably do n't translate to everyone . but , my 16 years old has given the album a careful listen , and he has n't returned it to me yet- -i imagine for the next few weeks i 'll still enjoy listening to " out of the blue " from downstairs for a few more weeks. .
camera pos 91.txt i bought this camera owning 2 more digital cameras . one kodak and another canon ( a70 ) . amazing product.. . pro.. . almost everything. . cons.. . no audio on video i definetly recommend the product for the price
books pos 532.txt i was very impressed to find this very nice book . i 've heard about a quebecois who painted for the popular singer celine dion ( i 'm from quebec , canada myself ) , i wanted to see and i 'm very proud of it . huge ceilings and wonderful murals ! wow . felicitations
camera neg 675.txt one of the most disastrous purchases we 've ever made . it works fine until you try to get the video images onto your computer . do n't bother trying to consult the instruction guide ; it 's the worst one you 've ever seen . you could go to the website to attempt to download all the drivers that you supposedly need , but they 're not actually on the website . definitely find another brand
books neg 156.txt i found stale recounting of very well-known facts about 20th century technologies and their economics , with no insights . since it covers the gamut from plastics to jet engines to microprocessors , and it 's only 200 pages in a fairly large typeface , i was n't expecting historical depth . but i was expecting at least one fresh idea . i bought it on the strength of a much earlier book by nathan rosenberg ( about technology in the economy of the 19th century ) . i was disappointed . i get the feeling the book is intended as a brief survey for people who just came down in the last shower - - college freshmen born in the 1980s . i 'll bet they find it kinda stodgy
books pos 392.txt clinton 's old friend and key russia advisor provides insight on a number foreign policy topics as they evolve . as deputy secretary of state , his accounts provide personal , scholarly and practical accounts . the reader might determine both that talbott was an invaluable resource as the post-cold war era evolved , and that in the end , clinton was his own & quot ; russia hand . &quot ; the primary theme of the book is the relationship between clinton and russian president boris yeltsin . as they address issues such as nato expansion , the balkans , economic difficulties , and each president 's own personal troubles , a number of lessons emerge . first , great power politics takes place between human beings , not merely among structural or organizational frameworks . second , the blending of idealism and realism is thorough and complex , they are not either-or options . third , political , military , economic , domestic and international issues all impact each other , often in surprising ways . fourth , watch out for the u in trying to explain policy making : in the generic y=ax+by+cz+u , that u ( for unexplained / unexpected ) can often play a large role . the russia hand is valuable to students of foreign policy , russia and u.s.-russia relations , and the emergence of the post-cold war era .
dvd neg 956.txt i collect 1950s era sci-fi and i have been replacing my vhs versions with dvds . unfortunately , i need to keep my vhs version for this movie because the print that image entertainment made this from was in such poor shape . the vhs version by uav entertainment ( the wade williams collection ) is much better . hopefully , uav will come out with a dvd version soon
camera pos 949.txt for $14.00 , you should get this sleek little package to protect your camera and battery / accessories . if you 've ever accidentally dropped an expensive camera , you know just what i 'm talking about . it 's nice looking as well
health neg 39.txt the oral-b is a good product but the refills certainly are n't worth what they charge for them . i do n't know about you but it has always annoyed me when you get held hostage by a company to buy their refills for the item they sold you at a rip-off price . they could make a great profit selling these refills at something like $2.50 each , their rip off price of $8.50 ea is beyond absurd . the other thing is that when you buy their toothbrush they have something in there like the brush heads last 2 months . that 's a real laugh . even brushing just once a day , you 're lucky if you get a month out of them . so not only do they rip you off with their refill cost , they also lie to you to get you locked into their product to begin with
music pos 576.txt what a wonderful and diverse cd . sit in front of a fire on a rainy day with a nice glass of oregon pinot noir in your hand . close your eyes relax and let the sounds of liebert surround you . his talent is evident in the expressions as he 's playing . the guitar seems an extension of his own form , not a separate instrument .
books pos 944.txt this version of the old favorite is an interactive delight , engaging all the senses of reader and listener as they sing and play their way through the story . each page offers endless possibilities to captivate the interest and attention of the youngest " readers . " the progressive repetion of the song makes learning it fun and easy . all the colorful digressions , especially the silly commentaries on each page , can lead to more fun & games . wonderfully illustrated ; sturdy pages
health pos 259.txt clean and crisp . defined and smooth . i use burberry by burberry for all occassions but it is great for the evening . it has woodsy notes that remind me of autumn . i am very picky about my fragrances and i only use two regularly - - eau d'issey by issey miyake is my main scent , but i do use burberry sometimes on occassion and i love it . thats it
camera pos 487.txt i am totally satisfied with product features . for me still it 's better than any available product from other company in this segment . i ranked this product 4 because it manual dial malfunction very often . if i select album mode it still thinks to be in snapshot mode and vice-versa . it 's out of guarantee and i 'll hv to live with it . anyway there are many products present in market in this series to go with like w50 or something like that
software neg 762.txt at first i thought the idea of offering a set of the most popular applications at an affordable price was great . recently , however , many computer makers have started using ms works as the standard pre-loaded suite on new machines . users who need more than very very basic features will need to buy more dependable software packages ( e.g. ms office ) . the word processor in works , for instance , does not have many macrons that are commonly used in dutch , scandinavian , turkish , romanized russian , japanese etc. . in the end the low price of ms works is a way to save money to computer makers and to squeeze out extra money from buyers who will need to upgrade to better products anyway
health neg 261.txt the sleep guard did not keep my mouth open enough at night . my jaws still clenched tight
camera pos 11.txt i 'm sure there are those who 'd wax philosophical over the subject of filters and how one brand is " much better " than another , but for my canon ef-s 10-22mm on a 20d , i figure canon would be fairly good at making a filter that they 're willing to have branded " canon . " it fits fine , does n't interfere with the lens hood , looks clear , seems to attenuate that nasty ultra-violet part of the light spectrum and perhaps best of all , protects the front element . what more would one want
books neg 237.txt this book was a huge disappointment . sue grafton and kinsey meander all over california but come up with nothing of substance . the author spent more time describing the decor of a hospital room than explaining the murder motive . the characters and their actions are bogus and contrived . for example , kinsey becomes emotionally attached to a young prostitute she met two days before . it does n't work because it is n't real . it is sue grafton bending her characters into grotesque positions as she tries to force a plot into this dull mess . the story makes little sense as we try to follow the seemingly interminable clues and innumerable side characters . when it was all over , i still did n't know why the murders had been committed . save your eyesight ! do not bother picking up this book
dvd neg 384.txt this movie was the most disappointing piece of garbage i have ever seen . aniston 's character goes through hell to see this guy wake up and when he finally does and shows her that he is ready to give her what she has been wanting she up and rejects him . that is total nonsense . i expected them to get back together in the end . real people do not behave like this . or maybe they do.. . it would go a long way in explaining the suicide rate in this country
books pos 629.txt today , i heard sister prejean speak about her book dead man walking and about all of the experiances that shes been through concerning the death penalty . nothing less than amazing . dead man walking calls upon the unjustices in the death penalty but also on the actual death penalty victims . many people think that death penalty victims are just plain bad people . read this book . if you want to be challenged on your views , read this book . you ca n't be idle on the death penalty . also , coming soon is the death of innocence . sister prejean spoke on the content of this book and the stories within it . once again , nothing less than amazing . a story that is priceless to hear and will influence your life
books neg 624.txt a little less psycho babble and a bit more logistical information would have suited me better . ms. cantrell spends the majority of the book being a relationship / marriage counselor , and though it 's true issues become larger in smaller spaces , there are more issues for women cruisers than just their relationship dynamics . as i said , practical logistical information would have suited me better .
music pos 161.txt digressing from their first 2 albums , transmutation ( 5 stars ) and sacrifist ( 5 stars ) , praxis unleashes metatron . trimmed down to a 3 piece with laswell , bucket and brain covering all bases , metatron lacks bootsy 's space bass , yamatsuka eye 's agonizing screams or john zorn 's out of tune saxamaphoning , but it still rocks . track 1 is a laid back acoustic # and is absolutly beautiful . the album lacks the speed of some of sacrifist 's songs but makes up in phat grooves . half of the collection cd ( again 5 stars ) is from this album , but with nothing from transmutation , hmmm . instead of going further ill ' say this... . get this album at alll costs . burn copies for friends and spread the gospel according to praxis
books neg 6.txt why is it ever time you want something bad enough it usually turns out bad ? after the wonderful quinn trilogy fans ( including me ) begged and begged for nora roberts to write seth 's story . after all we journeyed with seth through we wanted to see him fall in love . nora roberts repeatedly said she would not write one . but us fans kept on begging for it and were excited when she finally gave in and wrote it . and we got chesapeake blue . reading it you know you should be grateful because you wanted seth 's story but....this was n't what i ( and my fellow nr fans friends ) wanted . first of all i wanted the heroine to be aubrey . after their beautiful friendship in the quinn trilogy i expected her to be seth 's love interest . but i tried to keep an open mind after all i loved anna , grace , and sybill , but dru whitcomb banks was a completely let down . all she did was whine and complain about her life which were minor compared to what cam , ethan , philip , and seth experienced as children . seth becoming an artist was a surprise too i expected him to join the family business and design boats . the gloria blackmailing him was a very thin and bad plotline . there 's no reason gloria would want to contact him considering all the warrents for her and that seth would n't tell his family considering the quinn brothers ( and wives ) worked their so hard to keep him away from her . i closed this book vowing never to request , beg or petition an author to write a book when they say they do n't want to . because this is what you get
camera pos 218.txt hi have a rebel extreme , and needed to use the high-speed mode.. . but the flash could n't even vaguely keep up . i was taking pictures of dancers , so needed a flash system that could keep up . the speedlite really does this perfectly - i 'm able to take a rapid-fire sequence of photos , and this flash system is there each time . i do n't know if it really helps when taking a single photo , but if you want a flash that can keep up , this one is great ! i like it so much , i 'm planning on buying one or two more for my next shoot , to run in slave mode with this one .
software neg 117.txt although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the dos era . they are laborious and clumsy . to find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . if someone knows of a better software , i 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks ! ! maria mcgowan
software neg 632.txt adobe audition is my favorite program . i use it more than any other program i have on my computer . i have used it to restore thousands of old phonograph discs . i am only giving them one star because i ca n't give them no stars for this joke . i knew this was going to happen . i had been using cool edit pro for a long time when adobe bought it and i knew that they were going to turn it into an adobe product and screw it all up . i am very fortunate that i went to adobes web site and downloaded the free trail version . i would have been really upset if i had actually paid money for this dog . lets start with the boot up time . i own a 2 year old average laptop and audition 1.5 used to boot in about 2 seconds . 2.0 takes 20 seconds . that is almost as long as photoshop or premiere pro . next we have the user interface . they destroyed it . and the old one worked so well . adobe is really hung up about making absolutely everything a " palette " and so now every little thing is a palette , allowing you to resize and relocate them to your hearts desire . but after about a half an hour of trying i 'll be darned if i could not make the 2.0 interface remotely resemble the 1.5 interface . the shortcuts buttons have been removed ( wow that makes a lot of sense ) , however you can get it back if you look long enough for the place to do it . ( do n't bother to right-click anything , in their imperial wisdom right-clicking is now pretty useless . ) but if you do put the shortcuts back up they are now all black and white and it is really difficult to find the one you want . in place of the shortcuts they added some icons that i have yet to figure out or to need . what are they thinking ? ? ? ? a lot of the presets have been reconfigured and trying to figure them out gave me a headache . after several hours of playing with this pile of garbage i decided to uninstall it and return to using 1.5.
software pos 288.txt switched from panda anti-virus to this one . great software , very sensitive settings . it was quite aggrevating at first getting constantly interrupted in other programs to be told of various things going on . finally got each feature individually adjusted to settings i can live with , and it works great . they could improve the filtration time ( long ) to analyze your computer ( i only have a 40gig hd with about 20gig used ) as it takes about 20-25 mins . to do the complete cleansing process . however , first time i ran it after having run panda for the last time , it caught 2 undetected trojans panda missed . it also isolated a hidden file trying to access the internet for " updates " that i still have not been able to identify , but it 's zapped . overall , best i 've seen so far , and you can install it on up to 3 computers from one cd ( just name each installation with a different username to accomplish , all perfectly legal with the 3 user cd deal ) . i have 3 laptops covered at a cost of about $13 each - i 'll take that all day long
camera neg 846.txt i bought a sony icd-mx20 digital voice recorder a week ago . i was surprised that sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named " digital voice editor " . sony customer service staff told me that if you lost the cd that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . only patches of the software are available to download . the customer service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device . this immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . think twice before making your buying decision .
health pos 465.txt the dispenser looks good , holds a decent volume of shampoo , conditioner etc. it is simple to refill the bottles , and so far there is no leakage . the mounting was easy , glued onto the tiles with silicone glue ( included ) . if it broke or we decided to replace it , we would probably struggle quite a bit to get it off the tiles . the top shelf does not have a cross bar on the front , so if you mount the dispenser under your shower head , the hose will knock over whatever you might place on the shelf . the little hooks will hold disposable razors but not the ones with larger heads . overall satisfied , good product for the price
health neg 277.txt i once had a cheap shaver i got at sears that i learned was made for sears by remington . i liked that shaver , so when i found the r-950 at sears on sale for $40 , i decided to replace my old top-selling-brand rotary shaver . big mistake . after 8 months and having finally tired of the red and sore neck ( especially with drier winter skin ) , not to mention the occasional cut lip i get with the r-950 while trying to shave around the mouth , i am going back to my old shaver . how can a shaver that gets close enough to hurt still give a poor shave.. . but it does .
dvd neg 323.txt the book from alex haley when i read it some 10 years ago changed my life and views of people with color , and everyone should read it , yes even conservatives , manditory . however , this movie something just wasnt good . to long ? the over all acting ? spike , you make some great movies , summer of sam is one of your best , do the right thing . spike has a gift for cinematography , however spike lee interview on espn ? the interview said , interviewer : " kanye west said that bush does n't care about black people . would you agree with that ? lee : " yes , i agree with that , but i 'll go one step further and say that bush does n't care about people who do n't have any money ( whether they 're black or white . ) i guaranteed you that if this same disaster happened on long island or let 's say the hamptons , you would have had an entirley different response from fema and his administration . " but you should have seen how he said it , it was as if he was staring right into the camera with this smirk on his face . the dude is bold man , i 'll give him that and i applaude him . spike said either black , white , mexican , or asian . but what he did n't say was italians ! ! that dude has been getting flack forever for his dis'n of italians in his movies , they call him a racist all the time . here was his chance to say something , and he blew it . just did n't happen to say italians ? no so he is a racist too . and so are the africans in africa , they never have liked white people either , so what about that spike ? try going over their and applying for a job ! and while i am at , the african americans in even baton rouge do n't want the blacks from n.o. coming up their ! how come spike never said anything about that ? fkn whiners , so many the world over ! give them a mic and let them talk and will put it on tv and let the world see it for the fools they are . and ignoramus white liberals eat it up as its gospel and he is telling da truth
software neg 556.txt i purchased this program recently , and was very disappointed . the maps are very limited...for example , most of the major tourist areas ( beaches , newport , ect . ) in rhode island are cut out of the ri map . i recommend buying ms streets and trips 2005 ( which includes pocket streets 2005 in the box ) instead : http : / / www.amazon.com / exec / obidos / tg / detail / - / b0002doeam / qid=1121691049 / sr=8-2 / ref=pd_bbs_2 / 103-6971135-7476654 ? v=glance&s=pc&n=507846 with this program , you have the entire usa at your disposal , and you can select which maps to send to your pocket pc or smartphone . fortunatly , the store that sold me pocket streets allowed me to exchange it for streets and trips ( after paying the difference ) . the prices are very close .
health pos 626.txt lathers well , with a pleasant ( subtle ) scent . shipping costs spoil some of the fun . you might consider barclaycrocker , given its shipping and product costs
dvd pos 357.txt not very familiar with noam chomsky 's work but i have listened to many people say that he has very strong arguments . this film is proof of those arguments . noam chomsky has facts , refers to original sources , provides context and analysis and leaves you feeling that you have heard a very solid and well-research argument . this film is a collection of such arguments on issues and events affecting many of us in the world . america 's invasion of iraq , the war on terror and what is behind it other than 9-11 , and other topics are rich and insightful . this film provides a nice balance on chomsky by giving us some insight into him which is interesting . i find him more fascinating now than i did as a skeptic who was challenged to actually read his material . this film gives those new to noam chomsky 's books an excellent overview of the issues and events that he has written about in the last five years or so . after watching this film i went out and read 9-11 and his latest book . while good , the film gives us the same information but in a more direct and candid manner .
dvd neg 390.txt i watched this movie , not because i am into ms. milano , or her breasts , but because it was shot ( sadly ) at my high school- -shattuck-st . mary 's school in faribault , mn . does n't say much for the school , or for the faculty who had bit parts in it .
camera neg 409.txt i bought this camera for my 13-year old son to take with him on a soccer trip to bermuda . it was ok . felt sort of cheap , but seemed like it would do what it was supposed to . big drawback....there is no lens cover that slips into place when a picture is n't being shot , so the danger of scratching the lens is immense . my son was so afraid of scratching the lens , that he barely used it . some of the few pictures that he did take were ok , but others were not of the best quality . i think this camera is a bit too costly for what you get , and i 'm surprised , because i usually love samsung products
camera pos 635.txt we just got this camera after much research . the camera is easy to use and we like it but frustrated that it does n't do some of what was advertised . for the most part tho for the price and all it is fine . just read all the directions and do n't be to disappointed if it does n't play your old 8 mm tapes and a few other things like that . i wrote to sony and they said that this model does n't do a few things . so main point here is read and read and know what it is . i liked the service we received thru amazon . no problems ther
dvd pos 445.txt if you 're looking for a video that does n't take a lot of time , then this is one that you should add to your collection . it does n't matter if you 're a beginner or have been doing this stuff for years , there are two levels to suit both challenges . 10 minutes is spent on abs , buns & amp ; thighs . you can choose to do all of them or one of them when you get a spare 10 minutes . the exercises are great and you can feel the burn in all your muscles . if you do this video 3-5 times a week and eat a healthy diet , you 'll easily lose inches and tighten up those & quot ; loose&quot ; areas
music neg 84.txt no need to say more , these f@gs are just making lousy punk pop for the teenage girls and mtv watching kids who think they 're quite rebel with listening to this kind of sheit , and these suckers do it just for the money like green day or blink 182. there just have to be some stuff like this to fill all the pop and mtv charts
books neg 110.txt while i realize that the majority of people thought this to be a stellar book , it reminds me of the story , " the emperor has no clothes " . yes , choan can write a beautiful sentence and yes , the first several pages were intriguing but the switching of years was very annoying . the " flipping back and forth " was not accomplished in a smooth , flowing manner . in addition , the subject matter was incredibly depressing and the characters were so flawed that one did not even care about how their lives evolved . the kidnapping was predictable and the ending contrived . it would be impossible to recommend this book to anyone
health neg 2.txt meditation will do the same thing . buy a tape or take a class
camera pos 465.txt we bought this bag for our panasonic pv-gs400 video camera , this bag is just the perfect size , we can fit our pv-gs400 , tapes , extra batteries , recharger , video cables , remote control , and even a small tripod . has different comparments . on top of functionality is done with a very high quality . i highly recommend it , just check your camera dimensions and compare with the bag before you buy
health neg 706.txt the very first thing i noticed was how small and crammed the case was . it was almost impossible to fit everything back in the case without thinking you have damaged something . the other thing was how awkward the entire assembly was . the bonnnet was difficult to get on , mainly because the hose connected to the bonnet was heavy and in an awkward place , and kept pulling the bonnet off my head . after a couple of trys and reading the instructions , i knew i would never use it , simply because it was such a struggle just to get it on your head . whoever designed this product should be demoted
books pos 987.txt this book is packed full of incredible devices for any one who enjoys exalted . the book has a wealth of knolage from the first age as well as the age of sorrows . the book has a few sections in it that divide the items by uses , that is the only way i can discribe it . there is a giant amount of artifacts that have nothing to do with combat , and then others that are . there is a section on warstriders , basicly single man " death machines " that basicly look like large metal robots . most of the items in this volume are very well detailed and all have pictures that show you what they would more that likely look like . i do n't like saying that is what they look like because , well , this is rping people , things change by a player / gm 's perception . anyway , enough of my ramblings , this book rocks and has items that range from pens to armor to boots to royal class warstriders . this book is about gear in the world of exalted . p.s. it looks like there is going to be about 4 more of these books . my best guess is that one will be for sorcery , but that is just one book . if you think of anything else , post it here to give me some ideas on the other ones
camera pos 78.txt slightly smaller than the charger that comes with the s ( 40 , 45 , 50 , ... ) series cameras and the digital rebel series cameras . seems to charge in about the same time . feels a bit more substantial , but that 's not saying much as the chargers that come with those cameras seem pretty flimsy . i ca n't give it 5 stars because it does nothing more than the chargers that come with the cameras ( which i lost )
dvd neg 727.txt i am convinced you have to be one of three things to enjoy this film : male , born before 1935 , or a huge monroe fan smitten with anything she ever put out . marilyn is so annoying in this i wanted to smack her , and tom ewell 's character is equally a jerk . i am not sure why this movie was supposed to be funny . is adultery funny ? not really . i do n't mean to sound so conservative , in fact i 'm quite the opposite , i 'm pretty liberal , which may be why this movie bothered me so much . it is very sexist and dated and monroe 's usual portray of the harmless , stupid , breathy blonde bimbo so eager to please is n't very empowering to young women . the character she portrays has no name , is simply titled ' the girl ' a female puppet manufactured for pleasure . the jokes are dated and fall flat , no longer funny to modern society . i think ' the seven year itch ' is one of the most overrated ' classics ' ever but what can i say , my 84 year-old grandmother enjoyed it . maybe she was just nostalgic for the ' 50s . a much better monroe comedy is ' some like it hot ' where she is less annoying and the humor still resonates to this day
software pos 554.txt i really enjoy this product , and am sure that voice-recognition will be standard techology for all computers one day . it is very easy to load , set up and use... . everything that i needed was in the box . i speak with a slight accent , and it still works so smoothly . this is an invaluable tool for people at risk from carpal tunnel syndrome , for those who have difficulty using a keyboard efficiently , or for avoiding the fatigue of preparing large reports . it is so simple that you can speak out ideas and visualize them in print before deciding what to do next . great for doing e-mail.. . all this and you can continue using the keyboard as you wish . i love it !
music neg 309.txt apart from the great selection of soundtracks , what really makes this compilation top value is the quality of the sound processing . executed with finesse , these tracks sound better than when first issued and many are unedited , fuller versions : like " singing in the rain " , for example . throw in the great price , and this double disc set is a " must have " for all lovers of classic movie music
books pos 925.txt i am a two and a half year old boy . i go to a parent-toddler class with my mommy , and my teacher read this story to the class . the pictures captured my interest immediately . the storyline is compelling . but the most fun part is the new vocabulary i 've learned from it . i adore this book and i read it several times a day at home ( i memorized the text after my teacher and my parents read it dozens of times for me ) . i 'll never look at a squirrel the same way again
software pos 93.txt this new version of illustrator is great , glad i upgraded ! the live trace feature is cool
software neg 890.txt this software is fine for altering digital pictures if you do not have any other programs , but if you want to make exciting slideshows , this software is very basic and not user-friendly . i had technical problems from the start . you are better off using ms powerpoint than this software
health neg 772.txt i like this hairdryer. . when it works ! it has broken twice on me. . the first time it starting spitting out sparks so i sent it back. . they sent me a new one ( of course i had to get a temporary one because it took a while to get it back ) and now it only works on low , the high is broken. . i am going to throw it out and get a different brand. . not impressed !
dvd pos 535.txt loved them all ... found victoria & amp ; albert and lorna doone a bit lacking . wondered about having more of the scarlet pimpernel offered - he 's so smooth ! tom jones is very special - loved sophie 's father , he truly made the film . as much as i liked him - hated lizzie 's mother in p & amp ; p - what a ninny ! this is a great collection , would have liked to see vanity fair and persuasion offered also
dvd pos 173.txt if you want to see lena heady 's breasts exposed , this is the film to watch . but besides the numerous unnecessary topless scenes ( which are n't too bad ) this film is very intriguing...the human spirit tries to break through walls of addiction , frustration and isolation.. . now is n't that what a " suspense " drama should be about
health neg 851.txt i agree with the reviews from the other reviewers . it basically ruined my nails the first time i used it . however what i did discover is that this is an excellent products for keeping my dogs claws trimmed . after trimming their claws you often get rough edges . i now use this manicure kit to smooth the edges and keep their claws short . they do n't seem to mind it becuase it is very quiet . i must state that i will never again use this product for my own nails
health neg 792.txt i got this humidifer for my daughter 's bedroom . she loved the big apple but it only ran for about one hour at a time , then automatically shut off . tried all the troubleshooting suggestions to no avail . i had to return it . however , i did buy the penguin shape for my 2nd daughter 's room and that one works great .
health pos 307.txt i never thought the world would get here . i am actually spending time to type up a review , online , for shaving lotion . well , here you go : for every man out there who is interested and who has ever used an electric shaver , if you have n't tried the norelco cool skin electric shaver with this lotion , you have to . whoever has sensitive skin , you need to switch to this , because it does a great job . that 's all i have to say and i wo n't waste anymore time
health neg 534.txt i saw a commercial , i read a reviews - and so i bough one box at walmart . it 's not worth it , that 's my conclusion . the trays are made of very thin plastic-like material , and are very difficult to position properly on your teeth . the active gel easy goes out of trays , and fills your mouth . during first couple od uses , after 20 min or so i started to feel a vague pain in my gum . nevertheless , i continued using the product for all 7 days , as advertised , 30 min a day . after the whole package was gone , the change of color of my teeth is barely visible . i hope you will have better luck .
books pos 110.txt the knot is an awesome book with everything you 'd need to keep track of your your wedding planning . i got this book and have been incredibly happy with it . i recommend going to their website as well to find additional information : theknot.com . there is also a helpful website : createyourownweddingwebsite.com that walks you through how to create a wedding website for your special day . ( that 's how i found this book ! ) i recommend buying this book !
music neg 995.txt nana has a beautiful voice , but her singing is monotonous , predictable . she lacks passion . sometimes you feel she is reading the lyrics instead of really interpreting the song . in addition to this , the arrangements are unfortunately very poor . her soprano range deserves a proper orchestra . only love could be the perfect background music for a romantic dinner with candles , but this is not the album i would like to listen to again and again
health neg 651.txt paid a fortune for this thing and it stopped working after 2 uses
dvd neg 37.txt this movie is a disaster . there is not one single memorable performance by the cast of " stars " . if you want to see a little boy happily running to school , get hit by a car , walk home injured and die , have at it . there is a reason that this movie is deeply discounted by amazon . criterion is probably losing money on this release and they desire it . they should be is ashame
software pos 807.txt i have every single ( that i know of ) math blaster game out there . my kids love them all . i saw this one and could n't resist buying it . my 12 , 10 , and 7 year-olds all play this version . ( it 's too simple for the 12 year old , but he plays as a reward for piano practice - so i 'm not too concerned about his refreshing earlier math skills . ) my thought it to have each child play the grade level above theirs , and that 's ususally right where they 're at . yes , there are a few annoying glitches in the way some of the characters can and cannot move around ( i do n't play them myself to know well ) but i would hope that children are not so whiny that it matters too much . i think every family should have math blaster geometry , algebra , and all grade levels . if you can make math fun , and use it as a positive reward...that is called a " win win " ! :
music pos 657.txt in many ways , this album is everything one would have expected- - somehow the natural successor to " no pussyfooting " and " evening star " . in other ways , its nothing like i would have expected- - the usual stamps of fripp and eno 's recent work seems to be missing . its really quite hard to largely identify the identity of the musician generating the sound on much of this material , there 's obvious stuff ( we 'll come to that in a minute ) , but as a rule , the backgrounds could be either of them . sonically , it moves through a number of backdrops , with delicate , percussive , synthish loops dominating the early part of the record ( " meissa " , " lyra " , " tarazed " ) , wheras the middle of the record feels more like their old collaborations updated , the sort of modern fripp soundscapes being more apparent ( " lupus " , " ankaa " ) . the remainder of the album features on track that is totally unexpected , the downright funky " altair " , with its train shuffling rhythms , drum loops , and funky guitar ( in ways similar to material from the eno / schwaum " drawn from life " record ) , and the closer , " terebellum " , is an aggressive , haunting , and almost angry sounding piece almost reminiscent of " radiophonics " or the other more aggressive soundscapes . over this material , fripp largely solos using a variant of his legendary fuzz tone- - its a bit mellower , and rounder though , similar to his leads on " starless " and " the power to believe part ii " but in a more hushed feel . so that tells not much , the real question is , what 's it like ? largely an ambient affair , the collaboration is what you 'd expect- - there 's no real incindiery moments here- - do n't look for a " baby 's on fire " , but it is comparable to their previous collaborations in quality , and it certainly sounds nothing like crimson . some of it is full of delicate beauty ( " lyra " ) , some of its just a blast ( " altair " ) , some of its actually quite hard to listen to at all ( " terebellum " ) . for fans of ambient music , especially the work of these two gentelemen , this one will be quite rewarding . it falls short somehow of being a masterpiece , but it is really a great record . recommended
books pos 716.txt along with " from science to god " mr russell establishes himself as one of the masters of spiritual reawakening . although this piece has more doomsday in it than his later work , it has the same hopeful message and the same readability . in both books mr russell never seems to lose the reader in scientific mumbo jumbo , even when discussing very complicated subjects . that is n't a statement on his intelligence or research , but rather on his ability to communicate on all levels . neither does he offend when he deals with the spiritual aspects of his writings . in short everyone can sit around his table ( well , almost everyone ) . read'em twice .
books pos 120.txt this is a great beginners book . it 's easy to read and follow along . silver 's other books are great to start out with as well . other great starter books are " wicca " by scott cunningham , " witch crafting " & " book of shaddows " by phyllis curott , these authors will help you get started very well . also i recommend " the witches almanac " by elizabeth pepper , this is a witches must have on her shelf . happy readings.... .
music neg 524.txt hammerfall is one of the bigger names out there in the power metal world , and this cd sounds pretty much like the previous 5 albums . the only dofference is that they have gotten worse . i write this review to the two groups of people out there : the exisiting hammerfall fans , and those trying them out for the first time . for already existing hammerfall fans such as myslef , i strongly urge that you do not buy this cd , unless it goes below 3-4 dollars on amazon . for those looking to try hammerfall out and get into the power metal genre for the first time , go ahead and get this one , because hammerfall are by no means bad musicians . they can all play very well , but this cd lacks refinement and creativity . start here and work your way up to the better hammerfall , which you will no doubt appreciate more . hammerfall keeps putting out the same album over and over and over , if you know what i mean . all of their songs sound relatively similar , but this cd marks one of the lowerest points in their career
books neg 575.txt this bok was very boring i found it hard to stay awa
books pos 951.txt i found this book to be very helpful . it does n't just give you the steps to do little tasks like some of the other books i looked at ; it explains the features and why you would use them , and shows you how to do things from start to finish . it also has a lot of helpful hints that are n't related to the exercises- -last night my husband installed vista business edition and could n't find a feature he wanted , and i was able to find the solution immediately in this book
software pos 139.txt version 7 installed without a hitch and has increased the productivity of my business because it also works much better than version 5
books neg 912.txt never in my life have i been so outraged by what i have read as by the drivel spouted by dr. west in this book ( in his translator 's note ) , and by the use of ` unponderingly ' and " the thinkery " ( among other things ) in his translation of the clouds . i also read his translation of plato 's apology of socrates , and found it grossly inferior to jowett . four texts on socrates is not a book to be tossed aside lightly : it should be hurled with great force . ( apologies to dorothy parker . ) not only are the translations themselves inexcusably inept , almost everything that he writes in his translator 's note is wrong . the clouds is a play , not a scientific or mathematical treatise . as such , it has characters and dialogue . a ` modern ' translation of a play must be something that could be presented on a stage and make sense to a ` modern ' audience . if a character is supposed to be bizarre or out of the ordinary , one does not make him spout drivel such as ' unponderingly ' ; one gives him a ` shtick ' , which is a theatrical term . it 's more or less a running gag associated with a particular character . you create , through clever ways of speaking or odd ways of stringing his words together , a characterization . he could be made to speak like a parody of william f . buckley or the star wars character yoda . as it stands , west 's text cannot be presented as a play . it is neither necessary nor useful to coin such nonsense as ' unponderingly ' ; indeed , it is inexcusable . it conveys neither humor nor cleverness . it comes off simply as stupid . the translator of a play must know something about theatre and drawing characters , which dr. west obviously does not . to state it bluntly : the translation of plays should be left to people who understand theatre and characterization , and who are creative . dr. west does n't have a creative bone in his body . in regard to his translation of plato 's the apology of socrates , the translation by dr. west is both original and good , but the parts that are good are not original , and the parts that are original are not good . after all , when one has the work of such a brilliant predecessor as benjamin jowett to follow , the temptation to do something entirely different is strong . but it must be resisted . if dr. west had merely lightly revised jowett 's great work , he would have made a contribution to learning . alas , he did neither . the version by jowett is clearly superior . here is a short excerpt : " and i must beg of you to grant me a favor : if i defend myself in my accustomed manner , and you hear me using the words which i have been in the habit of using in the agora , at the tables of the money-changers , or anywhere else , i would ask you not to be surprised , and not to interrupt me on this account . for i am more than seventy years of age , and appearing now for the first time in a court of law , i am quite a stranger to the language of the place ; and therefore i would have you regard me as if i were really a stranger , whom you would accuse if he spoke in his native tongue , and after the fashion of his country : am i making an unfair request of you ? never mind the manner , which may or may not be good ; but think only of the truth of my words , and give heed to that : let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly . " compare west 's inept version : " ...i do very much beg and beseech this of you : if you hear me speaking in my defense with the same speeches i am accustomed to speak both in the marketplace at the money-tables , where many of you have heard me , and elsewhere , do not wonder or make a disturbance because of this . for this is how it is : now is the first time i have come before a law court , at the age of seventy ; hence i am simply foreign to the manner of speech here . so just as , if i really did happen to be a foreigner , you would surely sympathize with me if i spoke in the dialect and way in which i was raised , so also i do beg of you now ( and it is just , at least , as it seems to me ) : leave aside the manner of my speech- -for perhaps it may be worse , but perhaps better- -and instead consider this very thing and apply your mind to this : whether the things i say are just or not . for this is the virtue of a judge , while that of an orator is to speak the truth . " " speaking...with the same speeches i am accustomed to speak " ? how utterly inept and repetitive ! did n't he even proof-read ? one does n't speak with ' speeches ' , one speaks with words ! it is obvious that dr. west never read his version aloud as a test of its appropriateness , which is surprising , because this work is supposed to be a speech . dr. west 's version is clearly not suited to speaking aloud , whereas jowett 's is . in west 's translation , socrates is a clumsy , repetitive , and inept speaker . needlessly so . if you want to read a good translation , see jowett 's 3rd edition ( 1892 ) . why does dr. west believe himself qualified to make translations ? nothing in his work suggests that he is competent in any way to do so . this is not the work of a scholar , but that of a bungling hack . these translations are travesties . how does work this nauseatingly bad get published ? not recommende
health neg 737.txt health-o-meter 's proprietary random number generator in a cheap plastic case . step on / off this scale in rapid succession and you might get the same number twice . come back 2 minutes later and you 'll be lucky if you 're within 2-3 pounds of the first number . absolute junk
books pos 991.txt if you want to read a book that 's exciting , happy , and mind-blowing you should read small steps . from the author that brought you holes , louis sachar , is at his best . this book is sort like a sequel to holes . the main character , armpit , is stuck in a situation which he can not handle . he is in the heat in austin , texas and i think it is making him do crazy illegal things . at first he did not know what he was doing was wrong , but now he just hopes he does not have to go back to jail . i think that this book is good for any reader 11 and above . both boys and girls would enjoy this book . i think they should make a movie out of the book ; it would get outstanding remarks . this is one out of few books that i could read over and over again .
books neg 899.txt i wanted to like this book , but i had to give up in the end . if the overall vignette concept is attractive enough , the execution of detail is n't - - kosinski ca n't write . he tries and eventually fails to convey what he deems important , whereas the reader is always expected to discover " depth " in simplicity . nothing to be recommended for
books neg 63.txt i am not a right winger whatsoever , am against our involvement in the mid east but did read this book . i ca n't say it better than alan dershowitz who commented about chomsky 's writing in general : many people buy his books and the page that is folded down is never greater than page 16
music neg 952.txt i really think snoop is a good rapper . he should only have stopped 10 years ago . i 'm very tired of his gizzle wizzle nizzle stuff , and i do n't like none of the beats here . and what 's left then ? nothing . i found out after i bought this album : i 'm not a snoop fan anymore.. . old school is the bes
camera pos 135.txt every picture of mine that included larger portions of the sky would have these stubborn spores on it . pretty infuriating , especially when you got the shot just like you wanted it . yes , you can always remove those on photoshop ( or cheaper yet , the gimp ) ; but is n't it cool when you look at a picture and say : " that is it , nothing to do on it ! " ? ? and it was n't just the sky . any off-white but light plain colored background would suffer visibly from the acursed specks . with this blower , greatly priced ( pity that adorama does n't have free shipping though ) , i put my camera on the tripod , pointed it down , squirted three or four times - and gone are the specs ! ! ! great buy for dslr owners
books neg 503.txt i was disappointed in this book . the art and techniques illustrated are of the type one might expect to see on a tv craft show . i would instead recomment robert wade 's watercolor book .
music pos 52.txt i was at the brighton concerts that these recordings were mostly taken from and as a reminder of two stunning nights of music they ca n't be better . standout tracks include the two by martha wainwright , the two by teddy thompson , perla batalla 's " bird on a wire " , rufus ' " chelsea hotel " and ( from the sydney concert ) antony 's " if it be your will " . two major disappointments though ; the inclusion of u2 as backing band for leonard cohen 's own version of " tower of song " seems done for purely commercial reasons and does n't work , and the nonsensical ommission of linda thompson 's sublime take on " alexandra leaving " . here 's hoping it 's included on the dvd release
books pos 422.txt great book ; it get 's you thinking . my kids arre almost out of the nest and they are all i could ask for . yes , i worked . but not until they were in school , almost always part time and i did not use ' working ' as an excuse to not volunteer at school , sports , and generally be in my kids lives . the point is really about your priorities . do you instinctively put your kids needs first ? it 's been interesting to see how things have worked out with families in our area . we have a large group of kids who have been together since kindergarten ; now they are seniors . you can instantly tell which parents were connected , involved and had their priorities straight . not all of them stayed home the whole time . on and off i used to listen to dr. laura , frequently agreeing , but many times not . what i love is that she has an unpopular point of view and she 's not going to let social , financial , or industry pressure dilute her message . yes , she 's frequently abrasive ; so were many people who have made an impact in the course of events in this world . if you are a parent with young children read the book at least it will give you important ideas to agree or disagree with .
camera neg 146.txt i have gotten better results with sterlingtek batteries for a fraction of the price...like less the $15 shipped
software neg 607.txt the program does a great job in figuring my taxes . but now intuit is charging for filing and the state program . also i was unable to download the updates over my dial-up connection . i called to have a cd version mailed to me but so far i have n't received it . i 'm trying tax act this year . it is a free program and has free filing . if i can complete the turbotax version i will see if i can duplicate my return using tax act. if so then good bye turbotax
health neg 881.txt i bought these for my dad for christmas and they did not fit his head , they did n't even fit mine and i have an average size head . another thing , they did not look cool at all , they were ridiculous looking , nothing like the photoshopped pictures
books neg 340.txt grisham 's worst book by far . 90% of the story is preaching to the reader that homeless people just have bad luck and are good guys . it would be ok if that was woven into a good story , but it is not . for great grisham read the firm and the partner . for very good , read runaway jury and pelican brief . all of these are page turners . street lawyer is a stomache turner . really bad . what happened
camera pos 709.txt this is a great , easy to use camera . i have had this camera for a year and it has seen alot of use . the only drawback i have had with this camera is that it eats aa batteries . i bought rechargeable aa 's and they seem to last forever ! problem solved . i am about to purchase a second one for my son for christmas . great camera
books neg 108.txt maybe it was me , but i kept wanting this book to work and it just never grabbed me and i had to put it down . it was almost aggravating
health neg 506.txt i owned this set for about 2 and a half years before i finally just gave up and switched to a different brand of hot rollers ( i used it about 4-5 times per year ) . first off , the rollers are very heavy so when you have them all in place , it feels like you are carrying a laundry basket on your head . second , the rollers are hot to the touch so burning can be an issue when rolling up your hair . third , the clips used to hold the rollers in place are fantastically difficult to use . i would roll up my hair ( which would take like , 30 minutes because of the difficulty ) , and if i walked around the house to watch tv while i waited for my hair to set , the clips would spring out of place and shoot across the room . i eventually lost like 6 clips from the " springing out " thing . the results of these rollers were great , though . i used them on my wedding day and people loved it . good results , but not worth the time and effort to use these rollers
books neg 377.txt i 'm a big nora fan , but i could n't even finish this one . by the fourth chapter i began to skim . way way way to much detail for me . which made it boring and slow . testing and corrosion , is it fake , is it real ...blah blah blah . enough ! i did however enjoy the side story about the brother ( i forget his name ) . but thats it folks . unlike all the other reviewers , i hated it . i say pass on this one . but as you can see , i 'm in the minority
software neg 750.txt this concept is good but the user interface and playability is terrible . my 7-year old was frustrated with being forced to use the keyboard and no mouse . and we could n't figure out a way to go back to the main menu without exiting the game . and playing a later level requires you to go through all the earlier levels . and...did they actually test this thing on humans ? what a waste of potential . it is a good concept
music neg 284.txt i agree with other reviewers . do n't waste your money . i should have listened to the samples . to hear more awful fakes , visit the producer 's web site at drewsfamous.com . listen to their selection of garbage before you make the purchase
music neg 370.txt reviewgium - volume i , issue xvii over sixty and still going strong , neil young has released a new album , largely politcal and essentially a focused attack on u.s. president george w . bush . as opposed to his last album which was a more bittersweet , country-tinged effort , living with war is a pretty much straightforward rock album , mostly electric with a background choir featured on many tracks , as well as an unusually predominant trumpet player on several tracks . musically , it 's nothing spectacular , in fact every song more or less follows the same tired formula , and there are really no diversions from the grunge-like rhythm guitar chords . but the album is obviously intended to have a major focus on the vocals and lyrics . of course , many people do not like neil young 's vocals , but there are many well-developed choral passages throughout the album , including a soulful , a capella arrangement of " america the beautiful , " which closes the album . so basically , i feel the vocal performances compensate- -though not totally- -for the lack of musical diversity . lyrically , the album is pretty blatant ; it could almost be a 60 's protest album . but underlying that , is a ray of hope and an urge to change our country for the better . there are a few decent tracks on the album , even if they are not exactly mind-blowing ( not that neil young was ever a showboater ) . " after the garden " is actually quite a good song as is " shock and awe . " " flags of freedom " is a bit of an upper , so i can probably call that the album highlight , though i 'm sure the more politically-minded citizen will enjoy " let 's impeach the president , " an almost humorous overview of bush 's faltering standpoints . the final three songs divert from the general theme of dismay and protest , and offer feelings of hope and introspection . if you are not a fan of neil young , you 'll find nothing here that will convert you , so you may just want to leave this on the shelf . if you are " anti-bush " you might get a buzz off of the lyrical aspect , but that 's probably the only thrill you will get . i tend to avoid anything political , so music aside , this album 's message does not really appeal to me . it 's like , yeah , people hate the president , blah blah blah , we know...give it a rest . for fans of neil , i would n't exactly say " you 're not missing anything " by avoiding this album ; there is some good stuff on there , but you might want to wait until you see it cheap in the " used " bin at your local cd shop . and for those interested , this is not a crazy horse album .
health pos 349.txt i purchased this as a gift for a friend who has beautiful long hair and she told me they worked wonderfully . i also own a set and have had them for several years travelling with me to the office , gym and around the world . they are easy to pack and are lightweight
music neg 618.txt i love running to the marine corps cadence cds . volumes 1 and 2 are very good . volume 3 sounds studio produced and more choral . when running vols 1 & 2 are better synched for continuous running . the transitions on vol 3 feel out of synch to me . others do n't seem to agree and i still run to this cd ; i 'd buy 1 and 2 first if you do n't have them
software neg 383.txt installed this on my laptop and desktop computers . one installation was late in 2005 , the other was in 2nd quarter of 2006. both have tried to fail . the laptop will no longer do automatic updates . i can manually download and install the updates , but it is a bit of a hassle . the desktop will no longer download the symantec updates at all . i attempted several uninstalls and reinstalls , wo n't do it . the only remedy is to take both computers to a computer shop and needlessly pay someone to fix the mess this junk software has made on both computers . because of the problems , i 've run into several problems , mostly related to .cab files when i attempt downloads . i 've switched to avg and zone alarm - both free and they work
music neg 353.txt i love ray charles when ray 's doing ray . this was terrible . ray was out of tune , out of touch and the song selection was ridiculous . i 'm sorry ray , i love you . it 's a shame this had to be one of your last cd 's
camera neg 389.txt i was not satisfied with the quality of the digital pictures on this ziga digital frame . i returned it
health pos 322.txt the oral b eb417 dual head power brush replacement does a great job of getting into tight places , reaching back teeth , removing plaque , has a nice gum massage action , and leaves your mouth and teeth feeling clean and very refreshed . the two heads work twice as good as one , but may take some getting used to if your used to a single brush head . using it by gently guiding it over your teeth , and letting it do all the work , it will last a long time too . it was nearly three months before i had to replace mine . most oral b brushes are interchangeable with all oral b units . this one though , according to the buying info here , may not be used with the cross action brush . it will also indicate when it 's time for replacement by the fading colors of the bristles . ( the box shows as good picture of new and used ) . just a little of your favorite toothpaste goes a long way too ! it 's a 5 star product , but unless you are just one person who just wants to try it out , the better buy would be to purchase the three pack . it 's almost like getting one free . my pack also came with different color rings , that fit on the brush at the base and is nice for families to tell the brushes apart . it 's nice to have a spare for unexpected guests as well . keep smiling....laurie
music neg 814.txt there is not much i can add to these reviews here . just like me , a lot of people here were dissapointed because of the fact that so many classic 2pac songs were remixed only to sound like disasters . why would such an abomination happen ? suge knight is trying to milk the pac legacy until it is bone dry . well at least he has done something right if you ask me . it sucks that this is how we are forced to remember tupac shakur , over tracks chopped up into this . die hard pac fans wo n't even like this , if they have n't heard it already . i 'm so waiting for a remix album of " the chronic " and " doggystyle " . if suge knight was smart you would reissue tha dogg pound 's " dogg food " on dual disc , because that is the only reason why i do n't have that album yet .
camera neg 704.txt the photoshare digital frame is a classic example of poor engineering . the " plug and play " ability is aggravating , at best , freezing two of my computers , requiring endless reboots to transfer images . photoshare provides zero customer support or technical assistance when you have problems interpreting the very poor operations manual . the expensive battery is almost impossible to install . the power cord has to be super glued to stay in place . and the frame is sloppy and dangerous - very easy for unit to fall out . buy another brand or just put pictures on disc and use a portable dvd player instead .
health neg 686.txt what a waste of money . not only was it just average in size but it was made of incredibly flimsy , really cheap plastic .
camera neg 540.txt i got for christmas , it was easy to use but only lasted 1 day then the screen does not turn on , , , stay away from this one !
books neg 78.txt probability and random processes can be easily approached with grace and elegance so long as the professor and / or writer possess such talents . all too often albert leon-garcia comes across as a total wacko in the possession neither
music pos 897.txt anais is one of the best cingers . i have seen her since objetivo fama , and she is just great . do n't listen to people who say this cd is bad because the are just hating . this cd is just great
music neg 247.txt the music on this album is performed so exquisitely ; the orchestrations so subtle and yet illuminating , that one is almost tempted to forget what a " what for ? " musical this is . donna murphy plays the title character of fosca , a hugely unprepossessing woman who suffers from more maladies than there are stars in the sky . she lives in a remote miltary outpost where she falls in love with the handsome , virile giorgio . giorgio in turn is having a torrid affair with the beautiful , but vapid clara , a married woman back home . however from the time giorgio comes into fosca 's sphere , she becomes this relentless succubus in her pursuit of him . she shows up everywhere he happens to be ; her ferocity matched only by her inexhaustive capacity for self-pity . to depict fosca musically , sondheim comes up with the most monochromatic score of his career . everything is so lugubrious , dark , portentous , tragic ; punctuated by militaristic strains ( with snare drums ) because the soldiers like to...umm...march . in the end , giorgio is worn down enough by fosca 's attentions that he succumbs . he believes he has fallen in love with her , shortly after which she...dies . as i mentioned earlier , the material is beautifully performed ( marin mazzie and jere shea render the opening " happiness " with a marvelous sense of delicacy and sensuality . donna murphy evokes the proper pathos in the haunting " loving you . " ) , but you come away wondering what the point of it all is . if sondheim is trying to show us how love is largely a chronic disease , then he succeeds admirably
music pos 384.txt i 've always written how the american now compilations do not even come close to the british ones , and my opinion has not since changed . now 20 's track list , however , is solid and pretty good for the american series . it has mostly good rap songs ( which can be sometimes rare in this series ) , great rock songs , and not an overload of mediocrities . i 'll go in depth . 1. missy elliott feat . ciara & fatman scoop - lose control...a a great rap song - missy elliott has a great style and her lyrics are actually understandable and enjoyable . ciara is a nice addition to the song . fatman scoop 's random screaming in the background was n't essential , but it at least adds some energy to the track . the music 's actually interesting and something different from everything else . 2. black eyed peas - do n't phunk with my heart...c+ their first album was stellar , and their second is as well . but this was one of the worst tracks on " monkey business " and did not deserve to become a single . annoying , but not horrible . 3. pussycat dolls feat . busta rhymes - do n't cha...a - a really good rap song - busta 's rapping is a good addition to the song , making this radio remix better than the original on the pussycat dolls ' album , " pcd " . a dangerously catchy chorus elevates this song to a pretty high grade . 4. rihanna - pon de replay...b+ pretty catchy , and a good party song . but it gets pretty irritating after a while . and the " dip it low and you pick it up slow " from the first verse directly copies from christina milian 's " dip it low " . that 's so unoriginal , rihanna ! 5. ludacris feat . bobby valentino - pimpin ' all over the world...b good music , but it 's not much without the video , which was , by the way , partly shot in africa . 6. bow wow feat . ciara - like you...b bow wow 's returning to the rap scene was really unneeded , but ciara 's chorus makes this song better than mediocre . 7. dem franchize boys feat . jermaine dupri , da brat & bow wow - i think they like me ( remix ) ...c this song does not deserve the publicity , and i 'm stunned why people like this . it 's worse than mediocre , it 's horribly irritating . and much of the song is bleeped out because the original is so dirty . rap just is n't rap when it 's edited , and this song is proof . but even without the editing i do n't think this song has a chance . annoying " yep " s in the background and mediocre rapping...just skip it already . 8. destiny 's child - cater 2u...b - mediocre for destiny 's child . actually pretty boring . but they have great voices . 9. lyfe jennings - must be nice...c+ mediocre . 10. natasha bedingfield - these words...a a great " new " artist who actually found success with this song a year earlier the us . great songwriting about bad songwriting ( if that makes any sense at all ) and a good voice . now i 'm just wondering when her brother daniel 's going to release another " if you 're not the one " . 11. kelly clarkson - behind these hazel eyes...a - the only american idol who earned over twenty minutes of success , kelly 's finding massive success with her second album , and for a reason - she 's got an awesome voice , and pulls off rock quite well . this song was brutally murdered by the radio , but that 's why i 've moved onto the remixes ( not on this album ) . 12. d.h.t. - listen to your heart ( unplugged version ) ...a though furios f.ez 's hard trance remix of this song is a lot better than this unplugged piano version , this amazing cover of the roxette track deserved all the fame it got . edmee 's got a fantastic voice and this is a perfect song for her . beautiful song also . 13. backstreet boys - just want you to know...a - the backstreet boys ' newest album must have been the #1 most unwanted comeback of all time ( let 's just hope n*sync does n't follow...*cringe* justin timberlake ) , but this is their best song . and this comes from someone hard to impress by the backstreet boys , but they pull off this rock song pretty well . 14. click 5 - just the girl...a a really good rock song which many can relate to . 15. franz ferdinand - do you want to...b atonal , but franz ferdinand has a good reputation , so i 'll let it slide . but this is definitely evidence of a sophomore slump . 16. weezer - beverly hills...a+ unfortunately it was flattened , torn apart , and buried alive by the radios , so i will review it as it was still last summer when i first heard it . this song is amazing and the chorus is way too catchy to believe . but i do n't need to write this , as most people already know . 17. fall out boy - sugar we 're going down...a an amazing song , but it 's only good if you can put up with songs where you ca n't understand what they 're saying . seriously , it took approximately six times looking up the lyrics to actually realize what 's being said here . but the music is great , and this song overall is a pretty good rock track . 18. lifehouse - you & me...a - an instant classic . 19. coldplay - fix you...a+ i 've read mixed reviews about this song , but personally , i think its amazing . following a vaguely similar buildup as led zeppelin 's " stairway to heaven " , this song just keeps you listening until the end . the rockout part at the end is magical . 20. keith urban - you 'll think of me...b it 's somewhat annoying that keith 's been on now albums consistently for a while but his songs are n't as popular as , say , gretchen wilson . i 'm starting to think keith 's been put on these albums not for popular songs but just so a default country artist could be there . a good song , but it could 've been replaced with something better in the country department . so overall , this is a great selection of songs , some amazing , some decent , and some mediocre to bad . i 'd suggest you buy this , as it 's a good list of tracks . overall , this album gets a b+.
books pos 224.txt my husband and i recently bought a home and i really felt i needed to find some tips on being organized . i used to be very organized ( and still am at work ) , but with the birth of my daughter almost a year and a half ago that has all gone down hill around the house . i came away with some really good tips for organization . not to mention some good tips on how to get rid of ants and various other insects and rodents . great book for any mom who feels their house needs a little boost in the organization department
music neg 512.txt i feel that a lot of bands were good in the 90's . this band was one of them . while yes , they were a bit poppy and sellout-ish on americana and conspiracy , they still had enough bad@ss in them to put on a rad song . i think they should have just did a " da hui " single with " the noose " and maybe " cant get my head around you " on it . this sucks really bad . it makes the average conspiracy of one look like a bad religion album ! ! if you must hear , download or borrow . please guys . quit or make good music . its pretty pathetic hearing " hit that " next to the godawful creed and nickelbland ! ! so we go from a punk-ish hard rock band that is inspired by tsol and the damned and plays punk shows with pennywise to this...a corporate radio rock album that is loved by teenybopper frat boys and the mtv mindless
camera pos 258.txt i read many reviews at fredmiranda.com before i purchased this lens and i was not dissapointed one bit . i was lucky enough to receive a very sharp copy of this lens on the first try . the macro shots were very sharp and contrasty . the center part is already reaching near maximum sharpness at f2.8 anything beyond f4 is tack sharp . be carefull with this lens though . the dof at f2.8 is extremely narrow . do n't mistaken the out of focus shots for being unsharp . focus properly and crank up the aperture and you 'll get some very satisfying macro shots . the only thing i wish this lens had was image stabilizer . canon , how about a 100mm macro with is ?
health pos 713.txt this has helped me more than i can say . it has helped with a death of a very close relative . without this i would n't be able to lead a normal day at my high level stress job .
health neg 609.txt this product come with a washer that keep causing the leak . it works fine for few weeks then the washer become worn out and it keep causing the leak . now i just leave it in my garage and ca n't return it or use it . very bad investment
books neg 771.txt frankly , this book brings nothing new . we already know everything there is to know about jackie and diana do n't we ? i sincerely regret having paid such a high price to read what i already knew ! i found the book & quot ; mrs. kennedy&quot ; much much more interesting
software pos 62.txt i do not why the others had these problems with windows xp . i have run this program since it came out 2001 ? except for the danger of attack by viruses , i have had no trouble as long as enough ram is installed . a minimum of 500-750 is essential . with the addition of antivirus software and service pack 2 , i feel fairly secure .
health neg 452.txt would rate at no stars if possible . first one failed after 7 months , would not hold charge . it was replaced under warranty ; the replacement failed after 8 months , again , would not hold charge . customer service said to send in for repair , no estimate of how long i 'd be without a razor . my response is " forget it . " braun , here i come
camera pos 429.txt this camera does everything it says ; yes , it 's waterproof and i was very uneasy taking a digital camera into the water for the first time ! ! only reason i did n't give it 5 stars : it is as slow as every other digital camera i 've owned as far as focusing , multiple flashes , and then actually shooting . you get your subject 's attention and they smile , frozen , as you hold down the shutter release for a good 3 seconds until the shot is taken ( in low light . ) i was especially intrigued by its " bright capture " technology , but it honestly does n't seem any different in low light than my old sony u20 2mp tiny little snapshot camera . still that same flash-in-the-dark look . there is a fill-flash low light program mode ( among many many others ) , but the shutter speed sets itself so slow the background becomes a messy worthless blob , even if you hold your breath and try to remain still . my ideal snapshot camera is portable , durable , quick , easy , and produces excellent results without having to think about your exposure modes . this camera has 3.5 out of those 5. it is way portable , very durable , easy , produces ok results but you have to mess with settings if you 're not in daylight , and it 's not very quick . overall i am very happy with the purchase and will carry it everywhere
dvd pos 16.txt i thought the first ice age was great . this one is good , not great . they really used scrat better this time than before , but the rest of the characters were.....not undeveloped , but it just did n't have as many hilarious situations . sid is as hilarious as ever , but manny and diego doe n't do as much . its a good , fun movie , but its not as good as the first one , rent it though , it does have some hilarious scenes
software neg 892.txt i received the bundle but there is no installation key for shade le . i noticed the someone else 's review stating this same problem is no longer visible so i figured i 'd post it again
books pos 16.txt beautiful , stunning absolutely gorgeous . a quick note to fellow brits , this was ordered on october 22nd and arrived on november 1st and is much cheaper here than on amazon.co.uk or anywhere else in the uk ! ! i 've ordered stuff domestically that has taken longer in the post ! !
books neg 61.txt i try to read items that i would not necessarily agree with . however , this piece of doggerel is nothing but exagerrations , misquotes , and spin . she uses tacky research to make points that do n't exist , then brushes off any critique as " liberal bias " . if you are a conservative , please read something that will allow us to discuss matters . coulters ' book should be titled " slander : liberal lies i made up.
health neg 660.txt hair dryer worked good for about 1 year . then the switch broke , fused in the open position.i would not buy an andis product again
books pos 506.txt i have n't completed the book yet , but so far have found it to be very insightful and enjoyable . it begins in genesis and continues from there hitting on the most commonly read bible sections to the not so often or seldom read sections . he ends everyday with a thought provoking question to think on through out the rest of your day . i always look for to the next reading
dvd pos 181.txt i just watched this awesome dvd for the 1st time and it blew me away ! the corrs are the best ! ! ! ! however , my dvd did n't include a booklet . did anyone else get a booklet with their dvd ? or does " live at lansdowne road " not include a booklet ? please post and let me know , thanks
books pos 697.txt i think those who have n't been where henri nouwen was , and were n't introduced to this " book " then will have a difficult time truly appreciating its gravity . thank god for henri nouwen
music pos 762.txt another great album by firehouse . my favorites are reach for the sky , when i look into your eyes , and hold your fire . i have other favorites , but there are my top 3. i have a story to go along with this album , ladies and gentlemen . see , i was heading to cross-country one day , for the huge " group 2 " meet . ( there 's a section , and 5 groups from every section make it , and there were four sections , so you can make the calculations ) . i listened to this album , having a bad day before , and having a bad night of rest . listening to this album , i got a river of positivity , and i had a great start and a great finish . i ended up smashing my last personal best in cross-country . basically ladies and gentlemen , this cd has alot of effect . get it . i love to review things . have a great day
dvd pos 146.txt intimacy is n't about titillation or tanned toned hollywood studs and babes having perfectly choreographed sex in beautiful lighting while poor piano music plays . instead it 's about an ordinary pair of people seeking solace in a purely physical relationship . both are empty individuals and briefly find something to fire them in their weekly sexual meetings . nothing is said but there is a purity of understanding . the relationship , and the film , only falters when the film moves outside the seedy flat that the liaisons take place in . the wordless arrangement can only work while everything is strictly anonymous , and once jay ( rylance ) delves into claire 's ( fox ) personal life their apparently simple relationship becomes more complicated . it 's also here that the film briefly slumps . jay encounters claire 's taxi driver husband , played by an uncharacteristically off form timothy spall . speaking nonsense and totally over the top , his scenes are almost unbearably dreary . i can certainly see why claire would want peace and quiet and intense sex after listening to that intensely boring man twitter on . still , it does n't make his scenes any better to watch . despite that though the film regains it footing and ends strongly . even timothy spall 's character shows some hidden depths ! however , intimacy works best as a comment on the relationships people trap themselves in . it 's easier to stay in an unhappy relationship than walk out , and starting something new takes courage . jay and claire are unable to escape their empty lives , except in their sexual relationship . really both are cowards . neither is happy , but neither makes a serious effort to change their circumstances . sex is a temporary answer to a permanent problem , and until they reach out for something more neither will be happy . the film had an increasing energy which i liked , and i 'm sure you would like it too , if you let yourself inside the film .
dvd pos 369.txt simply the most entertaining mockumentary / film i 've seen in years and one of the best ever . the dvd is packed full of extras and outtakes so the fun lasts much longer than you 'd expect . jenna fischer is brilliant and james gunn is hilarious . you just have to buy it to understand
health neg 891.txt it felt nice when my head and neck were resting on the real-ease , but the device failed to relieve the tension in my upper back and neck ( past the time i spent lying on the device ) . i 'm about 6 ' tall .
music neg 607.txt hey folks , this is brilliant and all , like the articles say , but what they do n't mention is that it 's impossible to listen to . there are no verses , choruses , or even beats to speak of . there are no songs . it 's just a sound collage or something , from start to finish . the booklet prints lyrics but i could n't find ' em . this music is too brilliant for its own good . and you can forget about using it as party or background music . jdub 's other offerings are much better
dvd neg 74.txt recent scholarship has determined the chinese invented the lightbulb in 1800 bc , the internal combustion engine in 2200 bc , and established a world wide grid of radio communication satellites in 650 ad . all this without any systematic mathematics . hurrah for the chinese . alas , like the records of the above globe trotting oriental sailor , all the information and data concerning said miracles of intellectual invention have disappeared , somewhere either burnt , or submerged in tar . but speculation continues . meanwhile , spaghetti was invented there , without which no italy would have arisen . oh , and crackers , they invented crackers , and bed posts first
health pos 25.txt unbeatable for the price ! worked fine right out of the box . easy to use and easy to understand instructions . i 'm glad i bought it
camera neg 148.txt i got it just today and used it for cleaning my lens . the solution might be useful , the blower is useful , the swabs can be useful with their pointed tips , but the so called " magic cloth " is anything but magic . it kept leaving lint on my lens
dvd pos 192.txt have watched it three times already.....thanks for being so speedy with the delivery
books neg 757.txt i bought this book , the paperback version . the text is good , it describes all his letters and tries to do a lot of explanations too . however the prints of his paintings are not that impressive . they are very dark prints . go for some other book if you want to see the corect colors of his paintings
software neg 477.txt i 've been using spysweeper for 2 years now . it generally does what it is supposed to do . however , it was nearing time for me to renew . spysweeper becomes a huge , irritating nag when it comes time to renew . not only does the software bug you all the time , but webroot sends out reminder e-mails too . with 3 weeks left on my subscription , i decided to renew , mostly just to get rid of all the nagging . well , guess what ? - the renewal process reset my expiration date . rather than giving me 3 weeks plus 1 year , the renewal starts immediately , and ends in exactly 1 year - which means , that i 've been ripped off for 3 weeks of paid subscription . maybe webroot thinks their users are too stupid to notice this deceptive practice of moving up renewal dates . i 've complained to them - and if they do n't make amends , then i cannot recommend this product to anyone
health neg 332.txt i did not like it . it was not as i thought it was going to be , i thought it would give me a closer trim .
music pos 969.txt this music is undefinable ultimately . oh yes , one can say parts sound like hard rock or progressive . one can say many things about it . for me , this , along with " up the downstairs " are probably their two best and they are both as different as night and day . i 've become a collector of pt 's stuff and like most of it very much indeed . check out some of the side projects of the members in the band- -like blackfield and no-man . they are worth good listenings too . but , you know , this would n't be a bad album to start your pt experience with . no , not at all
health pos 659.txt finally , a product that does as it promises . excellent sun burn protection - - even in hawaii
health pos 57.txt this is the best tasting energy bar i have ever had . my kids love them too . great high energy snack
dvd neg 62.txt i do n't know how this skunk got 4 and 1 / 2 stars on amazon let alone one ! i could hear hepburn , bogart and holden rolling over with a resounding boom . i think this is mainly because of ford 's linus . he is a very unsympathetic character in this remake . the film critics said that , while the original sabrina was about her transformation , this version was about linus ' transformation . but here linus shows no transformation that you can really see . his explanation to sabrina for his deceitful romancing at the end - " there was a merger , and you were in the way . no hard feelings " is very cold compared with bogart 's " would you believe i enjoyed every minute of it ? " in the original , you get the feeling that sabrina gets the right man ; you do n't get that here at all
dvd neg 753.txt let me accept the fact that lotr is my most beloved film and i already own the extended editions of the films in one set ! i 'm really not surprised to see new line coming up with another edition of the trilogy . with films like these they will squeeze the collectors as much as they can ! ! still , inspite of this new set containing both the theatrical versions and the extended cuts of the films and also the much hyped costa botes documentaries , my advise to anyone buying lotr for the first time is - do not buy this set ! spend a little more and you get all the movies in full 6.1 dts ex glory , alongwith hours of endless in-depth bonus features which probably you 'll spend rest of your life watching ! ! please be aware , these new editions do not contain dts tracks , no commentary tracks by the director , weta workshop or the cast . all you get is both versions crammed into one single disc and just one documentary as a bonus on the second disc...and nothing else . it would have been a better idea had new line released the documentaries separately without forcing the consumer to buy the films again....and even this is not the end , once the hd format gains a little more acceptance , they 'll have another excuse to come up with a new version of the trilogy ! beware , extended edition set is the ultimate lotr experience , in terms of films or bonus features . go get it...its worth all the money spent !
music pos 457.txt this cd is a classic , a must for all those who loved the movie . i wondered if i would get a crackling type of sound , but it is as crystal clear as the movie sound . this is perfect for those who want to practice the songs for a " sound of music " event or a singing class !
camera neg 694.txt this case looks good and protects the camera adequately , but is too bulky . it has n't got a lot of room inside - i was unable to fit an extra sd card in its little case and a spare battery . the belt clip is difficult to use , and i end up carrying the case in my hand most of the time . there are better cases for this camera
software pos 745.txt works work , what cam i say . i have been using microsoft products for years . quality easy to use products are the reason they are a software giant .
dvd pos 721.txt all the danger man dvds are excellent . the shows are extremely thought provoking and are much more enjoyable if viewed , giving time for some entertaining analysis that almost always occurs when i put these on . any fan of mcgoohan , british tv or tv with some intellectual bite to it will enjoy this series
music neg 580.txt wots happened to memphis hiphop it goin out the window or its already gone out the window there pushin any old sh' ' out for bucks anyone who is in2 real memphis years 94 to 98 2000 max when rappers were hungry no , s wot im talkin about old underground tapes the only guy doin stuff to that form now is evil pimp and thats a bit over the top but come on guys we want them simple murder beets back with them sik lyrics instead of that shoutin crunk sh , t 36 is now pushin , , , , get back to your roots alot of people are now reachin out for the old siccness from back in the day tommy wright playa fly kinda sh , t even koopstas devil playground piss , s on this wack sort your stall out koopsta
books pos 978.txt this was a very informative read . i have gotten so many great ideas and will be using many of them in my own coastal garden . this is much more than a typical gardening how-to book . there is so much wisdom here and also some interesting facts . organic gardening is my first love and i was pleased to see ms. hadley insist on it in her own garden . a garden by the sea reads like a story as well as a great resource for gardening information . i agree with the other reviews here , it is like talking with a friend . this book has become a treasured addition to my library
books pos 671.txt leonaur ltd. is publishing the definitive edgar rice burroughs 21st century editions . these usually contain 2 books of the different erb major series in order - thus far john carter , pellucidar , and carson of venus . in the future , possibly tarzan ! these books are handsome and my rating is mainly based on this - the erb fan knows best about the rest of it . this first volume of joh carter of mars contains 2 / 3 of the greatest science fiction / fantasy trilogy ever . what is nore remarkable is that these were published over 40 years before tolkien 's lotr and over 50 before tolkien became fashionable . " a princess of mars " , " the gods of mars " , and " the warlord of mars " are erb 's greatest work . it is sad , in a way , that tarzan obscures erbs mars novels for the general public . these books deserve to be beter known , and it is astonishing no movie or tv adaptation has ever been attempted ( which might be a good thing , after all ! ) . if only steven spielberg or peter jackson were interested ! of course , genre and erb aficionados have long know and cherised these great stories . i wonder how many others were first attracted to these by the magnificent ballantine editions of the 1960s ? if you are a fan as am i , support leonaur ltd. 's efforts by buying these magnificent books .
dvd pos 394.txt the absolute fore runner to the musical / movie chicago ! if you love music , dancing and a poinant story with great acting...this is it
music pos 49.txt nothing at all like boy-band cds ( insync , backstreet boys , etc like editorial compared it to ) . while some of the songs are over-processed and do n't allow clay 's strong , clear , and beautiful voice to shine through enough , it is overall a very good cd . it has some catchy tunes on it . his second cd , merry christmas with love , allows his wonderful voice to shine through even more
music pos 650.txt better balance of songs on this cd. this cd shows growth in a the band.they are great fun live check them out if you get the chance ! ! ! ! ! ! !
camera neg 7.txt the bag is suppose to hold two cameras , i have a rebel and two lens and cant fit them in with lens filters and extra batteries . i recomend you buy a bigger bag it does not meet the billing here . might be good for a couple of point and shoot cameras but not sl
music pos 172.txt recorded 2001 - 2002. it has become all too common that few are taken to task for saying or doing stupid things . what 's worse is that no one seems to care . this is the kind of thing that pisses lewis black off . the angrier he gets the funnier he is . i first came to appreciate mr. black on the comedy central 's " daily show . " i always felt that there should have been more time devoted to lewis black . i wanted more - i needed more - i had to have more ! so i went to my " mental health club , " amazon.com and bought every title available . the end of the universe , rules of engagement and luther burbank preforming arts center blues - ( i had already purchased the white album ) which one is the best ? all of them ! as i write this review - i realize that i still want more - so i am buying the dvd's . there is nothing dated about this material . in 2006 it is just as - if not funnier than when first released . please lewis keep recording it still is not enough ! casl
books pos 504.txt this collection of plays is extraordinary . shepard threads tales of cartoonlike characters bound by the direst of circumstances excellently
health neg 126.txt i ordered it because i have a couple friends that love it . well , i really do n't care for it . and now i ca n't find the return sticky label to return it and i 'm really bummed about that because it cost $55 ! ! maybe if you could help me with that , that would be great ! thanks beck
health pos 606.txt i bought two of these for my son....hoping to wean him out of pull-ups at night , without having to strip the whole bed when there is an accident . this pad is definitely leakproof . the only con is that even though it says it has an anti-slip backing....that is not the case . i have tried it with jersey sheets , and flannel sheets...but it does move alot and get bunched up . so , i do end up having to strip the bed every now and then because the pad moved during the night . if i had it to do over again , i would definitely buy the pad with the tuck-under flaps .
music pos 33.txt for a true christian spirit that glows through ms. winans , you 'll always find her music sung straight from the heart . a precious pearl in the gospel community , " purified " continues in the cece tradition , of lifting our souls to a higher plain
books pos 836.txt this book is a celebration of color and the watercolor medium . turning the pages is like watching a fabulous fireworks display . each page reveals another explosion of beautiful color painting . like fireworks , some paintings go off with a huge bang , and others are more muted ; but each painting has something to say - - there are no & quot ; duds . &quot ; helpful comments by the artists give insight as to how and why each painting was done . if you 're an artist looking for inspiration , this book can really give you a whack in the side of the head that will send you running to your paints . even if you 're not an artist , you 'll enjoy the gorgeous colors and wide , wild variety of subjects and techniques . an astonishing book and well worth the price
camera pos 408.txt it is easy to mount and puts out a surprising amount of ligh
books neg 249.txt i 'm a big nora fan , but i could n't even finish this one . by the fourth chapter i began to skim . way way way to much detail for me . which made it boring and slow . testing and corrosion , is it fake , is it real ...blah blah blah . enough ! i did however enjoy the side story about the brother ( i forget his name ) . but thats it folks . unlike all the other reviewers , i hated it . i say pass on this one . but as you can see , i 'm in the minority
camera neg 404.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [...
camera pos 862.txt i bought this flash to use on a light pole with a flash trigger when we shoot weddings . rather than use one of my canon 580 's , i thought this was a better use of my $$-since i use this additional light in manual mode anyway . it does the job for under $10
dvd pos 881.txt the league of extraordinary gentlemen was based on a pretty good graphic novel and as a movie , its pretty good itself . where else could you ever hope to see the likes of captain nemo , dorin gray , mina harker , the invisible man , dr. jeckyl / mr. hyde , allan quatermain & tom sawyer all in the same movie ? about the only character the production is lacking is sherlock holmes . the action and special effects in this movie are outstanding as are the performances from most of the actors . the only real drawback is the length . about 30 minutes could be excised from this movie without deleting any key scenes . all in all , a good popcorn flick .
health neg 281.txt i bought this straightener because i wanted a skinny straightener to get closer to the scalp . however , while it is not a horrible product , i have a 15 dollar vidal sassoon one that works much better . i would suggest either buying the really expensive ones or just sticking with one bought at the store . this is n't any better than those
books neg 411.txt as a lecturer of e-commerce , i was looking forward to reading this book on the social implications of the internet . however , i am most disappointed with the boring and superficial way the subject is explored . the author takes a couple of anecdotical examples to show the concequences in the shift of power that the internet has brought about . the result is a disjointed treatment of an otherwise most interesting topic . i have nothing good to say about this book - money wasted
dvd neg 695.txt the animation ... excellent . the characters ... excellent . the premise ... excellent . laugh lines ... plenty of them and well executed . this is a movie you will say was worth spending your money on . the problem is ... as adults you will understand the movie is about putting the past to rest so you are free to enjoy your now and your future . for kids , they do n't see a lesson in putting your past to rest , they see - if you do n't like something - put it to rest ... as is r.i.p. - dead ! after the crotchety old man ( does n't every haunted house need one to heighten the tension ) identifies the haunting is related to someone he knows ... there is far too personal a vendetta to finish them off ( again ) . also shame on the producers of this movie.. . a kids movie ... there is far too much irresponsible adult behaviour ( babysitter getting it on with boyfriend , boyfriend getting drunk and threatening the kids , etc ) - - it is just not necessary to tell this story . i would n't let any relative of mine , under 14 , see this otherwise excellent flick
camera pos 656.txt i stumbled across this little gem by accident . i was picking up supplies at office depot and they had a kodak z650 ( display model ) on sale for under $100. it was a ridiculous impulse buy- -i already own 4 digital cameras ... the last thing i needed was another camera ! but what a delighful suprise this camera turned out to be ! it 's come the closest to rivaling the image quality of my old olympus c-740. i had never seriously looked at kodak cameras ... i always steered clear of them based on bad press and negative comments about them from my friends who are " serious " photographers . but i could n't be happier with this little bargain ... it basically serves the need i wanted to fill - - a 6mp camera that takes the kind of quality shots i was used to with my c-740. there are a few negatives in that it can be a little slow in processing the shots , but there is very little shutter-lag when taking the shots . i 've gotten some amazing birds-in-flight shots with it- -something i 've never been able to accomplish with any of my other cameras , including the c-740. some low-contrast shots come out a bit noisy , but for the most part the shots are very crisp and sharp . it handles low-light settings better than any of the others in this class that i 've tried . at less than a third of the price of my canon s2-is , this little camera outclasses the others by a mile . i stumbled on to a good find in the z650 ... it 's not going to give you dlsr quality photos , but no point-and-shoot will . this camera is perfect for any one who likes to take great outdoor and wildlife shots . i just wish someone would have given a good report on kodak cameras before i spent a small fortune on the others
music pos 951.txt if you enjoyed explosions in the sky 's last album " the earth is not a cold dead place " , and the songs by the group on the " friday night lights soundtrack " , then surely , you shall find love for their newest record " all of a sudden i miss everyone " . if you are new to explosions in the sky , i can only personally describe their music to you as lush , captivating , graceful , energetic , and highly inspirational art rock instrumentations . please ignore reviewers who rate this album negatively because they do n't like it as much as their last album ( yet ) . " all of a sudden i miss everyone " is different than previous records ; it is alot darker , but at the same time hopeful and promising , best listened to on a rainy day or a cold dark night ( again , personal description ) . what more can i say.. . this is about as beautiful as three guitars and a drum set can sound . my favorite album of 2007 so far .
books neg 128.txt our hero , amoral in his love life , refusing to kick his unfaithful ex-wife to the curb , and making mystery solving boring , why continue ? parker can write like no one else , but his recent plots suggest the well may be dry
books pos 728.txt inspirational , insightful , funny . answers the age old question , " but i 'm just one person ; can i really make a difference ? "
camera neg 429.txt it 's only redeemingly quality is the price ( if you get a good deal ) . photo quality is poor , and screen is quite small ( 3x5 ) . navigation is not overly complicated , but buttons must be pushed hard to work . it did work perfectly fine - took sd card , even connected to my mac and drag and drop photos onto the sd card i inserted into the frame . but , because of the poor quality of the photos , i do n't suggest buying
software neg 724.txt you will probably be more productive and less bug ridden if you stick with what you have . do n't expect to turn this version on and be able to use it . many changes are literally imposed on you , like the ribbons instead of the familiar icon bars . missing menus and the auto-double space setting every time you hit return . there are new features which can be helpful to some , but microsoft probably thinks you can afford a week for retraining . the arrogance of microsoft not even to offer the menus everyone is used to as a classic or traditional option is incredible . you upgrade for hundreds of dollars to get totally stuck and run out to buy a manual .
health pos 599.txt i 'm not a sucker for advertising and i 'm definitely not an impulse buyer . but i did purchase a schick quattro razor some time ago to replace my old , tired blade . and i 've been satisfied thoroughly with it . however , after needing some refills , i bought these titanium coated blades . wow . i did n't believe it at first but i actually took a new titanium blade and the regular schick blades and ( i ca n't believe i 'm about to confess this.. . ) did one of those hokey " side-by-side " tests . this blade is excellent . it is an upgrade above their standard blade and , to me , worth the difference in price
dvd pos 216.txt i saw this movie twice , the second time knowing exactly why i wanted to see it again . if you are trying to find out if you love someone or not , make sure that you see this movie . such a simple but yet such a powerful definition of love it gives . explains why we are where we are , and makes you part of the harmony . is love as simple as teaching someone to bike ? think about it . if there are no rules against it , this film should be renominated for oscar .
camera neg 311.txt pictures do not come out very good . poor quality ! i would not recommend it
camera neg 690.txt i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap
books neg 298.txt i had to take a look at this book just like i did rachel shteir 's previous book " striptease " to see if the online reviews were true . sadly , they were . like " striptease " , this book was full of typo 's and appeared poorly organized and written . one would think that ms. shteir would have learned from her previous book- -which also had similarly poor reviews . i wonder why gypsy rose lee paired up with her . i can only guess at ms. shteir 's fascination with this topic : my guess is that she wishes she could be a stripper herself ( or maybe she is ) . i base this in part on a meeting with ms. shteir a year ago when i invited her to write about a professional conference i organized and presented at : she wore a very low-cut blouse as she interviewed people . i 'm no prude but this was highly inappropriate and distracting people told me . on top of that , her article was chock full of misquotes , errors in fact , and adopted a perspective that nobody who attended the conference could relate to . oh well , i can only hope that ms. shteir 's next project will be more accurate and also that she will make clear her real interest in her subject matter . gypsy rose , i guess we both made the same mistake : trusting someone like ms. shteit to help us tell a story who did n't have the heart or the skills to pull it off
software neg 587.txt i have had to un-install and reinstall three times and it still wo n't update on a very current windows xp version . i hate how hard it is to download from my bank and it never recognizes the stuff anyway so i have to go through line by line and create aliases . i like quicken better but the accountant ca n't figure out how to import quicken into his quickbooks pro so here it is . hate it , hard as ever not easier , the whole thing takes way too long to work with . reports are a bit easier which is good or i would have tossed it out the window and bought microsoft money
music neg 252.txt nelly could make the wort rapper sound like a lyricyst , and how dare him to diss krs-one , he just said the truth and he really did not diss him on number 1 , he just added to why he sucks . lets face it , all his songs are basically dumb and and really don , t have much texture involved . and how funny is it that his friends really have no skill and they are all over this album it is just laughable . if you buy this album , you throw away good money . unless you like bubblegum rap . this is more for a teen white girl who wants to be cool , but lets face it , its played out
music pos 719.txt though i am only 33 years old , i grew up listening to bob wills . merle haggard did a great job with this one ( as he always does ) . i got goose bumps listening to it . it took me back to my childhood when i would sit on the porch with my grandfather listening to bob wills . the only thing missing is the scratching of the needle on a nearly worn-out album
music pos 736.txt this is one of my favorites of 2004. you got a seasoned vet of an mc rockin over some of the illest producers in underground hip hops beats ( madlib , j-zone , dangermouse ) and some pretty nice guest appearances . i have a couple of complaints on this album though , like the song " love thang " , the hook is wack and the beat is corny , another wack hook comes thru on the title track where you got prince po sounding like tonto from lone ranger chanting some indian ish , and on top of that in his rhyme he says some sh*t like " and if the girl farts then she 's a pooter " ? ? ? thats dumb . one last complaint then i 'm done hatin , but the chorus on bump bump is terrible , and i 'm embarrased to bump bump that ish when i 'm in my car because it sounds so wack , but raekwon 's verse takes me back to when wu tang was the untouchable squad they were back in the mid 90 's , which more than makes up for the lackluster chorus . aside from those complaints you got a dope album , j-zone hit this up with some of best beats i 've ever heard from him . so pick this up its definitely a good purchase
software pos 632.txt i have used this product for over a year now . the reason i bought it was for the back up software . email was a secondary consideration . let me talk about the back up for a moment . it is quick to download and about that easy to start using . the set up can be done in two ways . either by default , or manual . i chose the default version which covers my home folders and it automatically backs up everything to my external hard drive at a time of my choosing . it will also set up a seperate version of a back up of vital stuff to an online storage for you that you get when you buy .mac as well . restoring a lost file could n't be easier . just click on restore and the locate the file ( or files ) you want to restore . the program is set up so that everything is named exactly as you originally named it on your hard drive . you do n't have to look for your file name in a long string of code . just select it and click restore . it will either put it in the exact place of your old file or in new location of your choosing . i have n't really messed with the other features yet , but the email is spam free and has been my default email for over a year now with out any problems . hope you buy the service and will enjoy it as much as i have
camera pos 803.txt i took this case with me to my trip to new zealand and it allowed me to take amazing pictures of rafting and cave tubing . if i did n't have this case i would have missed out on amazing shots . it 's a great way to protect your camera from sand as well . i loved it so much i actually bought one for my sister as well . it is a great investment for anyone that does n't want to worry about their camera getting ruined and also wants to take amazing underwater pictures and videos
camera pos 990.txt i went the ( thinking it was cheaper ) ebay route - for about $10 more i got a new one here and it works . ebay is nice , but when it comes to stuff like this i learned my lesson . i 've never gone wrong ordering from amazon , in fact i just ordered an oem nb-3l battery for my sd500 ; tried the radio slop route and it wo n't go over 20 pictures . again , shame on me for trying to go cheap
software pos 12.txt its a great gps once its starts and detects the satellites ( sometimes it can take up to 5 mins ) . i used it with iguidance and that software is the whole world of difference . i can actually hear what the direction are saying vs the software that came with the gps unit ( robotic sounds , need to subtitle that for me please ! )
dvd pos 946.txt we must thank the director and salute sigourney weaver 's beautiful performance : this movie gives us a rare insight into the lives and minds of the gentle , yet ferocious , giant mountains gorillas . it is also the amazing journey of an extroardinary woman who went to live by herself in a remote mountain of rwanda , secluded from the world . she lost much of her sanity , as well as her life , in the process of saving the lives of a few hundred remaining gorillas . without her work , who knows who could have saved them from savage murder and total extinction ? thanks to her work and dedication , a " lost cause " had been heard at last . the struggle for the survival of the " great apes " is not totally over though . one must hope that the abject poverty and the political unrest that still affect the region , as well as the illegal poaching and smuggling of goods and animals across borders - that happen with or without government officials ' approval in each country involved - and the continuing deforestation and fauna 's loss of habitat , can one day all come to an end so that the survival of these amazing creatures can be achieved . one must recognize the sacrifices and thank people like diane fossey , conservationists around the world , and the rwandese people in particular , who have made it possible so far despite great internal economic and political pressures . all hope is not lost !
software pos 794.txt i recently purchased this software to redesign my bathroom and bedroom . compared to other products that i have evaluated , punch ! interior design suite wins hands-down in the areas of versatility , stability , and 3d . it includes many precision , dimension , and viewing options that allow you to make both simple and complex designs . using the split 2d / 3d mode also helps with placing components such as windows and doors . after i completed the drawings i showed them to my builder and he was able to remodel the rooms exactly as i had envisioned them . like most software i have used , this package does contains a learning curve . i by no means consider myself a computer guru and i had to put in a little practice time . you will find , however , a plethora of resources available both on-line and within the manual / tutorials to assist you with your project
software pos 420.txt great improvement in photoshop technology . i 've greatly improved my ability to process astrophotography . it 's now much easier to make the same changes to multiple images of the same celestial object . greatly reducing the time required to process multiple images for stacking , aligning and combining .
camera pos 125.txt after way too much time infront of a pc reading reviews or a camera store counter ( damn i was sick of it ) , this d80 is what i chose . bought it 2 weeks ago and then went on a 10 day trip west . after draging it everywhere i has not let me down . for the price its perfect . i 'm still working out exactly how to make it work to its potential aswell as fighting understanding of other manufacturers camera layouts in my head ) at work i have a rebel xt i bought last year as i need its compact casing . my brother has the canon d30 after he progressed from the xt and a friend on the west coast has the d200. having experience both i still love what i chose . my biggest reason however for going again with nikon was that i already have a n6006 film camera with a lens and my hope was i could use its nikkor af 35-105mm with this camera and give myself more options . after reading lots of reviews as to whether this was possible and finally taking the lens to a shop i found it worked fine . experience in the field in the last 10 days has shown it does not work seemlessly buy that may well be me not the lens . the 2.5 inch lcd is sooo much easier to read than the rebel xt . the info read out on top is much better placed than the one above the lcd on the xt ( if obstructed in an architectural model shoot and i ca n't see through the viewfinder myself , i certainly ca n't see the info screen if its below it ) . i did n't go with the 18-135 in the end for a lens as there is a vinyetting issue at the high end which bothered me . i got a great deal for the same price at cameraland in new hampshire for the d80 and the ( d70s ) 18-70mm tried and trusted lens . fab . now need to save up and wait for the release of the 80-300 vr lens thats coming out . would love the 80-400 vr but its 3 times the price . my hardest time was finiding someone with it in stock , at a price i wanted to pay , the set up i wanted and who was n't trying to make a dodgie deal ( like some of those cheap web based places in nyc ) .it really was the hardest part of the purchase in the end . i was surprised . many people were almost reluctant to make a sale . it was wierd . parts are hard to get too apparently like a spare battery and very few places have the 18-135 lens instock either . anyway enjoy your purchase if you choose this camera . i hope it takes many great pictures for you .
dvd neg 759.txt i got this for my fifth grade class . it 's better than the social studies textbook , but not fun . i 'll probably have to make worksheets to go with it . basically a kid reads a history report as a voice-over while the peanuts kids occasionally do something
camera pos 389.txt for the price paid , this is a great camera . should last me for a long time . debated buying a slr , but this seems to have all the features of an expensive slr ( actually it is a slr , just no interchangable lenses ) and a lot easier to use
software neg 304.txt both versions of scansoft cause my installer to have problems . mainly it tries to re-install softscan every time i start up softscan . also it has started to try and reinstall softscan if i try to right click on a jpg . there is very little to no chance of getting any help from scansoft ( nuance ) to debug this problem . save your money and buy some thing else
music neg 174.txt how can anyone say this chick has talent ? ! ! ! my god , she is sooooooooo bad . and yes , i actually listened to it . the only reason it sounds semi ok is because she 's got millions backing her and that much technology could even make me sound good ! she does n't write any of her songs and she ca n't hold a tune . gives celine a run for her money ? please ! ! ! ! the only singer she sounds better than is paris hilton ! but whatever . if you like it , that 's all that matters . if you like pretty young pop stars , christina aguilera is much better . she can actually sing ! !
camera neg 328.txt i agree with the people complaining about the poor cs policy at jvc . they let me down as well , when it was obvious the camera was poorly designed and built . i am now using a different brand and will definitely avoid jvc in the future . i just hate it when companies do not care about their customers but just about profit . this will come back and bite them in the behind
music neg 679.txt this is nothing compared to their ep , which was great by the way . songs lack of inventive , arrangements and feeling.. . maybe a couple of songs are to be rescued , but no more
music pos 265.txt i am a big ambrosia fan and i love " biggest part of me " , " you 're the only woman " , " how much i feel " and the newer track " i just ca n't let go " . however , i wish this cd contained all of their billboard hot 100 hits . the cd is missing their cover of " magical mystery tour " ( #39 ) and " how can you love me " ( #86 ) . for the casual listener , this cd is perfect . for the chart hit completionists out there , it misses a couple songs . i bought this cd used for $1.99 , which was a huge bargain for the songs included . for that price , i can certainly try to download the missing tracks
software neg 581.txt i foolishly purchased 7.0. it worked ok for a few months then just kept hanging up my system . funny , it started hanging up when 7.5 was released . i tried to get " customer support " but that 's a joke . do yourself a favor , do not buy anything from roxio . i 'd given this software negative stars if i could . spend your money elsewhere .
books neg 750.txt i am so sorry that i bought this book . it is unfortunate that you do not have a penguin or everyman 's library edition . first of all the book is too large to read in bed . secondly , whoever did the proofreading should be fired . there are so many typographical errors that it really upsets and disturbs the reading . if the postage were not so expensive from israel , i would return the book to amazon
health neg 701.txt to get hot lather , which is nice , you first have to get the device installed on top the can . i would not recommend this if you are easily frustrated . the directions provided are sparse in several languages . first you have to pry the top off the can of shaving cream . they provide a pry tool for that purpose which works well on some brands of shaving cream better than others . then you have to fit the device on top the can . it worked well with one brand in a large size can . when i tried it with a smaller size can of shaving cream it emptied half the can during the installation process . using a different brand in a large can , i had trouble prying the top off the can . if you have time and patience , and are willing to spend some money on various brands of shaving cream to find one that works well , give it a try . otherwise , be forewarned it may lead to frustration and bad language . it would be nice if companies intending to sell products in the us ( apparently manufactured somewhere in asia ) would provide a clear set of instuctions in english , in reasonable large readable type , with illustrations . in this case , they need to clearly specify the type shaving cream can the unit is designed for . i do not need instructions in foreign languages , and get tired of limited instructions in six languages
health neg 26.txt i do n't know what those other people were talking about but this energy drink tastes like melted popsicles . it 's basically just gatorade with more sugar in it . if you want an energy drink instead of a sweetened sports drink you should look elsewhere
dvd neg 217.txt i really did give this a chance but i ca n't say i like the show . it focuses more on the " police " aspect and less on the science , which differentiates the csi series from most of the other garbage out there . i know david caruso has his fans but i just ca n't appreciate him in this vehicle.. .
health pos 237.txt i purchased this for use in my bathtub . it is more comfortable than the blow-up ones and stays cleaner .
books pos 508.txt this was perhaps the best of johannes steinhoff 's books , since it does not deal with his own stellar yet tragic ww ii and post war career . the insights of the average person living in germany are of great importance to both social and military historians alike . steinhoff offered this collective testament as a warning to all of us regarding war and the rise of a dictator . as johannes said in an interview , & quot ; it is always the civilians who suffer the most , yet are remembered the least . &quot
music neg 380.txt i 'm sure it was fun for van to record a bunch of songs he likes , but overall this would have made for a disappointing bootleg . thanks for all the great music through the healing game . all good times have to come to an end
music pos 595.txt this album / cd rocks ! ca n't stop playing it ! nuff said
music neg 868.txt stinkish-i totally agree with you 100% ! ! ! ! what was mattel thinking when they released this item ? some songs are ok , but " hit me baby one more time ? " that song is soooo old ! and so yesterday , by lip singer , hilary duff , is sooooo yesterday ! ! ! ! you gotta be desperate for music to actually buy this or want it.if you think that i am way wrong then include me in your review
music pos 893.txt nothing deep , by any means , but simply a light , airy listen , with a compilation of quirky tropical tunes . even though the songs ( most of them ) were n't in the movie , they remind me of it , of the whole hawaiian atmosphere . my favorite tracks , excluding the ones included on the previous cd , are blue hawai'i ( by elvis ) , my little grass shack , coconut ( it 's just bizarre , but addicting , making you smile with absurdity ) , island in the sun , pineapple princess , and love me tender . again , it 's nothing dramatic or swirling , but it you adored lilo & amp ; stitch ( and how can you not ? ) and all it stood for , this cd might just bring some warmth into a cold day . do n't think about it . listen and pretend you 're there
camera neg 552.txt camera worked great for us for 6 months . easy to use , decent pictures and good software . the battery life was fine for our use . it quit working at six months and would no longer focus and is now useless . for a six month disposable camera its a little expensive .
software pos 672.txt overall a good product ; learning curve did take some time . provides needed items for use without having to purchase more expensive and extensive version
dvd neg 221.txt zakk pushed his voice beyond its limits on mafia , and on this tour . its really hard to take , and i 'm glad he returned to his regular smokey voice on shot to hell . bls are a great group , but zakk 's persistent use of this higher strained vocal technique scuttles blessed hellride songs that were sung in regular pitch on the cds . stoned and drunk and funeral bell are critically altered to the point where i had to skip them . i 'm actually starting to suspect that zakk was using a vocal harmonizer tuned up an octave to achieve this effect , because i ca n't imagine how his vocal chords could withstand a tour sung this way . a few tunes sung this way i can handle , buts its total overkill on this dvd . the behind the scenes extras are enjoyable because zakk is a funny guy
books neg 794.txt many of the columns were interesting . . . painting a picture of a vast right-ring conspiracy that hillary clinton first brought to the public discourse . but it seems that most of these pieces are obsolete , without any interest either as themselves or as a theme . does anyone care about texas state politics in 1989 , or phil gramm 's problems as a senator or as a presidential candidate ? someone should have gone through this and culled out what was obsolete .. except that that would probably have left less material than would make up a book . just going through a bunch of previously written columns and passing them off as a book may be a cheap and easy way to publish something but it is an inadequate read
books pos 185.txt i 've always read lots of books about singles and how to find a mate , and that rate has sped up since i 'm now a romance coach . but somehow i had missed susan page 's " if i 'm so wonderful , why am i still single ? " even though it has been out since 1998 , the last year i was single myself . where have i been , and why had n't i seen this book ? susan page writes for " involuntary singles " - - straight , gay , male or female , each and every one of us who is single and wishes we weren't . relentlessly positive , she starts off right to the point with " so why are you still single anyway ? " and then , just when we 've gotten over that shock , she states flatly : " whatever your reasons are for being single , if you want to be in a relationship , no reason is good enough . " then page goes about tearing apart every good reason we 've ever come up with to keep ourselves single . here 's what page takes on and turns around : ambivalence ( my favorite ) , those " dreadful statistics , " the myth of " there are no good ways to meet people , " and having and keeping high standards . then she works on developing skills in what she calls " frog kissing " : learning to say no , how to recognize true intimacy , avoiding " commitmentphobes , " handling the intimacy gap , and learning to say " yes . " and in the last section , " keeping it all together while you look , " page tells you just how to do all that . this is easily the best , most thorough , rounded and positive book about relationships and dating i have seen . if you are one of page 's " involuntary singles , " this book needs to be in your library . five chocolate dipped strawberries for susan page ! this is quite a book .
health pos 838.txt i ordered this walker for my father a few months ago and am well-pleased . it is much less expensive than comparable walkers . the cushioned seat and basket are handy for long " trips " and the wheels roll smoothly even over grassy areas . a good buy for someone looking for a quality walker . even ships for free
books neg 354.txt this is a great book for someone who is getting a new cat or has a cat but does n't understand him / her . i was expecting some new information about a " secret language " . there was no mention of the latest research in feline behavior and the author describes training a cat like training a dog ; so what 's the " secret " ? i agreed with almost everything in the book except the comment about cat owners who leave on a trip . the author says that cats do not get lonely . well , that 's wrong . he also says that a cat will go to the home where the best food is served . how does one explain cats who live with homeless street people ? the title was deceiving
music pos 445.txt this record is one of the best that has found its way out since the new millenium . i am partial to good songwriting and bill 's particular folk-country-alt-emotive sound . the tracks to me all over the place and take it from someone who has been there and back -it was well worth the trip
music pos 430.txt brubeck and desmond work their special magic here and produce their finest live recording . this is sophisticated improv to tame the beast . i have listened to these tracks uncountable times and i never get tired of them . this is truely a wistful soundtrack to transport one to a higher realm . try this the next time you are caught in heavy traffic on a rainy afternoon . you wo n't mind the delay . it never fails
dvd pos 297.txt it embarrases me that i , a music man , have let this many years go by without reviewing this splendid movie . my wife rented it from a hasting 's video store back when dvds were not widely distributed . i was in awe of the movie as it ended because i had no clue what to expect , and i was n't expecting much anyway . richard dreyfuss plays the role of glenn holland , a recent college graduate who takes the job of a music teacher to provide an income ( he calls it a ' fall back position ' ) while he writes what he hopes will be a musical masterpiece that will make him rich and famous . his first semester is a trying and learning experience as students see him as that school teacher everybody hated and whose class everyone dreaded . but he finds his way into the students ' hearts . the movie begins in the early 1960s , and rock ' n ' roll has etched a permanent mark on the music landscape . most of the students , of course , love the new music . realizing he has an ' in ' with the students , he makes an accurate comparison by playing bach 's " minuet in g " ( for anna magdalena ) and asking the students what song it is . they reply it is the " lovers concerto " by the toys ( " what color is the rain that falls softly on my window. . " ) . he notes they are wrong and that it is actually the same song ( although he does n't note that bach 's is in 3 / 4 and the toys in 4 / 4 ) and is an example of an ancient music scale called the dorian scale . he now has them right where he wants them . along the way , he continues to work on his masterpiece . but life , a new baby who turns out to be deaf , and the need for new things put his life on hold . as he notes by quoting john lennon , " life is what happens while you 're making other plans " ( or some facsimile thereof ) . years continue to go by and events occur that happen in the life of virtually ever music teacher . he has that one student who has a lot of heart but not a lot of ability - yet needs to get an hour of credit so he can remain eligible to play football . he has another student who wants to play the clarinet but is nervous . yet he always comes back to the simple rock ' n ' roll to make his point about ' real ' music . but reality plays hide and seek sometimes . he has it out with his wife about their deaf son - and his frustrations come to a boiling point on the night john lennon is killed . over time , they become friends - and one of the sweet sights of the movie is the son feeling the vibrations from the speaker as he ' hears ' the music . but another reality awaits - education budget cuts , and here dreyfuss delivers the line with outstanding effect : " the day they cut the football budget in this state...well , that will certainly be the end of western civilization as we know it . " it is in the presence of his now good friend , jay thomas ( the football coach ) , that he talks about how he never wanted to teach but now that is all he wants to do . the music track in this movie is awesome . there 's just one thing i 'm still trying to figure out : how did the students manage to mass distribute his music and practice it without him knowing it ?
camera neg 837.txt i received this monitor as a baby shower gift , but it was something i had particularly wanted . i was extremely disappointed when i found it did n't work at all ! there is so much sound interference it 's impossible to tell if the noises are the baby or the interference . we disconnected every electronic appliance in the house ( cordless phone , microwave , even turned off our cell phones ) and still the interference was there . the video reception is awful , supposed to be up to 300 feet , we are only roughly 20 feet away and still the picture is terrible . i swear it was supposed to have " night vision " - forget it , non-existent . i 'm off the video monitoring ; i 'm on-line now to buy an old-fashioned voice monitor
software pos 576.txt i am average when it comes to design , but the tutorial helped me in creating a logo and it 's cheaper and better for me to create one myself than pay someone to do it . i like the tracing feature which allows you to remove parts of a photo to place in a new background . to get the most out of this software you really need to be familiar with a lot of the features already , and there 's a lot i am missing . i will just have to take more time to keep practicing and learning from trial and error
dvd pos 154.txt this is a great work out ! you can really work up a sweat and it 's low impact on the knees
music neg 523.txt after really enjoying the amici forever album , i went shopping for another amici album and found this one . there really is no comparison between the two . i 've tried listening to it several times to see if i 'm missing something , but somehow the selections and arrangements seem more appropriate for the lawrence welk generation than anyone interested in a spicy little opera troupe . i was very disappointed
books pos 859.txt an ex-officer in the argentinean military confesses how political prisoners were murdered . i ca n't write & quot ; highly recommended&quot ; about this book , because it seems to trivialise those horrible events to some marchendising event . just read it , you may not be able to sleep for few nights , but you 'll get a true look into the mirror of evil regimes , supported by the united states only because they were & quot ; anti-communist&quot ;
software neg 439.txt i always thought the laborious interviews in turbotax were pretty ridiculous , now i 've seen the opposite . taxcut online seems totally not thorough , such as just asking for total of certain things , and not asking if special circumstances apply , which you do n't miss at all until you have one of them . i had almost completely finished my taxes and got to the business use of home . i moved half way through the year . i could n't find where to add an additional home office listing . " nope , ca n't do it " said support after an hour long chat session of mostly waiting , " you 'll have to use another product . " so today i start from scratch and pay the $99 ransom that turbotax is charging small business owners . i encourage the competition to get their shizzle together next year . s :
health pos 234.txt just as it advertised , it is soft and dries up hair and body quickly . i bought it because it was on sale and thought why not try it out , well , i am sold on this product . only drawback now is the high price tag. .
camera neg 871.txt i had an older canon camcorder that i was very happy with , so i decided to get this new one . i ended up shipping it back because the tape noise was so loud . i even tried the same model at best buy to make sure it was n't just a defective camera . but compared to a similar sony model , the canon was noticeably louder while operating . way to loud for shooting anything resembling quiet conditions
health neg 761.txt all i wanted was a bottle that i could use to mix y protein but this stupid things leaks every time because the lid doesnt fit right . you 'd think something with only one purspoe would adequately fill that role... . well in this case it does n't
books pos 169.txt this book captures the human spirit , at both its best and its worst . schwarz-bart is a masterful author in his telling of the tale of ernie levy , from birth and on . he also , shows us the readers the cruelty of nature that was the nazi movement . it is unfortunate that so many people had to suffer so much through history as did the jewish people . it is one might say not a fair trade for normal life to be a just man , although without them humanity would crumble , as future readers will find out their importance . and if there really are just men in our world...we really owe them a great deal of thanks for taking the pains of the world on their shoulders
camera neg 244.txt i purchased this camera based on previous good experience with an older model fujifilm camera , reviews here , price and functions . at the same time , i also purchased the larger xd card . almost out of the box , this camera has given me nothing but grief . what others had said about the blurry photos i can certainly echo . a month or so after purchase , the lens would not open , or it would not open totally . i first thought the batteries were dead and that was the cause....after changing the batteries , the problems still existed - some of the time . not always - just sporadically . just enough to cause me to miss many unique and memorable photo opportunities . in addition to that , now that i 'm looking at other brands of cameras i find the xd card i purchased is not transferable so i 'm out the cost of that as well . another malfunction of this camera is after " erasing " all photos on the xd card , taking more photos and uploading the new photos , i found that all the photos originally erased were still there and uploaded again with the new ones ? i do n't know if that was a camera or memory card malfunction but it just added to my dislike of this camera . i would not recommend this camera to anyone....it 's a total dud . i 'm very disappointed with fujifilm and am now looking at nikon and cannons . good luck fujifulm...you need it
dvd neg 867.txt having just read the book ( most highly recommended ) i decided to treat myself to the movie . i could have cried . while i did not expect the movie to contain everything from the book , i was sadly dissapointed to see that it totally changed the plot around . in the book , the 5 men bonded together and were great men of character . in the movie , they got rid of one man , had the other eaten right off the bat , pencroft is shown to be a coward and greedy . in the book , nemo appears only in the last two or three chapters , and he does not have an elaborate home on the island . and what about those stupid giant animals ? i do n't recall reading about them . the fence around nemo 's home looks like it came right from jurassic park . the whole story was about 5 ( eventually 6 ) men who were stranded on an uncharted island and the wonderful adventures they had there . on another note , the graphics were pretty bad . the panning was very blurry and the picture was often grainy . as one reviewer well said , it is suitable for children who are easily pleased , but it is nothing like the book . perhaps this is why amazon sells it for only $6.99
software pos 943.txt with this software you can create a 2-d or 3-d game . follow the tutorial you can download from www.thegamecreators.com ( producers of the software ) and you will create a real game in about 2 weeks of nights . [...] this box is the full package [...] the software is not as fully supported as the professional version , but for a hobbiest , it is perfect
dvd pos 748.txt my 2 yr old son has watched this dvd again and again . he 's not into cartoons , so the real life airplanes , trains , and buses suit him perfectly .
music pos 79.txt i got what i wanted in the time frame promised...the way it 's supposed to work
camera pos 163.txt well , besides a whole bucket full of money , one of them lets you take photos in lower light , okay , that 's obvious . the 16-35mm is a bit heavier , but not so you 'd notice , unless maybe you were carrying it around all day , without eating and you 're a bit over the hill . so why pay the extra money , unless , of course , you do a lot of shooting in the early morning and late evening ? maybe you should n't , because i 've been doing a lot of photo taking with both , film and digital , and as one would expect from the " l " lenses , the photos are crisp and sharp . in fact i keep i the 17-40 on the camera i carry around all day , you know , the one i might leave on the table in a restaurant when i got to the restroom . it 's a lot less money to lose to someone looking for a five finger discount . however , my gal pal sara and i take a lot of early morning photos . she shoots old houses , and she never , ever goes out without the 16-35mm . she swears by it , loves it , sometimes i think better than me . so there is a difference , i 'm the kind of person that could happily live with less expensive lense , sara is not . however they both deliver gorgeous photos . you ca n't go wrong if the lense has that red circle around it . jack priest , sailor home from the se
books neg 255.txt an elf appearing to harry potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery . the chamber of secrets , he said , had been opened and a monster is lurking . harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster , challenge it and save students who have been " petrified " by the monster . age group interest : early teen . i wanted to see what all the rave was about . lots of action , not much morale . trish new , author of the thrill of hope , south state street journal
camera pos 572.txt i got this bag for a samsung digimax i got for a friend , and is a very nice , and usefull bag , she can put there , the camera , her cell phone , replacement batteries , memory stick and some keys :
camera pos 937.txt just like any other minidv tape . good pric
health neg 392.txt i liked this heating pad so much when i first used it that i immediately ordered a second one ( for what i expected would be a year or two in the future ) . what i liked was that the wiring was indeed much thinner than other pads , allowing it to conform to the shape of my body . however , the first pad lasted only two weeks before failing to heat . i returned it to homemedics and they ignored me . the second one lasted nearly a month before it to failed to heat . i will not bother wasting the postage to return this one , as obviously homemedics does not care about quality nor customer satisfaction . i recommend that you not waste your money on this defective product
dvd neg 168.txt i idiotilcy got this dvd because of colin firth , and , as you can see , it sucks . btw , this is not " prasadjonnalagadda " but rather his daughter , he just comes to buy crap , but never reads the reviwes . anyways , i had better time watching a syndicated simpsons ' episode than watching this bomb . at first , i thought that this movie might 've had some potential because of the suberb stars : colin firth and minnie driver ( good will hunting , won an oscar for it ) i did not yet know heather grahm , but after this movie , i hate her now ! i will admit , she was alright up until she got drunk in the car . that . was . annying beyond reason . other than that , the film 's set up is absolutly horrible , starting off with colin coming to a town just because it 's called hope ? and falling in love with someone only after a couple of days ? and there is also the horrible music that does n't fit the mood at all whenever they play at the scene . pepole , i originnaly gave this a 2 star for colin and minnie , but heather is responsible for everything else .
camera pos 33.txt i bought this lens on a whim to see what it would be like to shoot with a prime lens . at $80 it certainly was worth the risk unlike the many other canon lenses which cost thousands of dollars . the quality of the pictures from this lens is the only thing making me move away from zoom lenses
software pos 885.txt i have used corel draw for many years , and too many had serious problems . this version seems to make up for the past with a stable system capable of most anything artistic . it is still a complicated system , though
music neg 240.txt first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having....the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing
health neg 148.txt this is my first purchase that i have been unhappy with . the tingler arrived with two of the tingles off . attempts to put them back on were unsuccessful . i had attempted to email customer service three separate times and have received no response . i would appreciate either a refund or a new one sent to my address . jon fresh 2716 ne lorie dr. hillsboro , or 97124. the tingler was to be part of a massage christmas gift for my wife . i would appreciate your time in this matter . thanks , jon fres
books pos 419.txt newt gingrich presents common sense solutions to the pressing issues of our day in a clear concise and easily understood manner . this book should be required reading for all civics and history classes in high school and college . if the policies dr. gingrich proposes could be implemented , the us would not only become the shining city on a hill , it would also become , far and away , the world 's most powerful economy throughout the next fifty years with prosperity for all americans who chose to join the ownership society he envisions
books pos 891.txt richard fortney 's " earth " is a survey , in mostly layman 's terms , of the geological history of the earth and how it relates to humankind . fortney tells the story by means of a journey around the earth , selecting a series of locations where the earth 's geology is apparent , and usually the meaning of that geology was debated by scholars to a greater understanding . fortney starts at mount vesuvius in italy , preceeds to the hawaiian islands , hence to the swiss alps and to other locations aroudn the world . fortney relates the geology of each chosen location to plate tectonics as a means to explain how each terrain come to be the way it is . this leads into extended and sometimes fascinating discussions of the former alignements of the continents in prior ages such as the " supercontinent " of gondwana . for each location , fortney also relates the effects of the terrain on the history of the humans who have lived in that location . along the way , fortney drives home the sheer vastness of the timescale of earth and its geological processes . the dedicated reader will view his landscape with a new perspective . fortney is a gifted writer with a good eye for the illustrative anecdote . large portions of this book will be fascinating to the reader with at least some schooling in the sciences . it turns out , for example , that the complicated geology of newfoundland results from its origin as pieces of three different tectonic plates ( north america , ocean bottom , and northern europe ) . the descriptions of northwest scotland as the remains of truly ancient mountains are put into appropriate scale in part by fortney 's historical anecdotes and by his experiences of rockhounding in the often cold rainy weather of the scottish highlands . the narrative runs a little long at over 400 pages , and fortney 's explanations will sometimes outrun the scientific background of the average reader . nevertheless , this book is highly recommended to the reader with at least a casual interest in geology and its links to human history
camera neg 750.txt i bougt this camera because i had had a sony coolpix 3 , which took great pictures . with this camera , you can never get it adjusted right . if you use the flash the pictures are to light , if you dont they are too dark . it is a constant battle with this little cute camera . worse camera purchase i ever made .
books neg 603.txt if you like unimaginative phony crap you 'll love this book . the proposed animals within this book are utterly stupid and improbable . an antelope that feels through the snow with its incredibly dumb looking antlers ? a diurnal and terrestrial mammal that for some god-forsaken reason lacks eyes of any kind ? primates that do n't evolve to fit man 's niche , but instead take on the roles of otters and flying squirrels ? the thing has got nonsense written all over it . the " future animals " proposed for this book were not well thought out and somebody , please find mr. dixon a liguist , and fast ! some of the names he gives these future animals are so stupidly childish that they actually detract from a creature 's plausibility . a vortex ? a posset ? what jerk scientist of the future is naming these things ? can he please be institutionalized ? i admit the pictures were well done and pre-teen children would probably enjoy this immensely . i know i would 've when i was 10 or 11 , and there 's nothing wrong with that , it 's just that dougal dixon begins the book in a very advanced scientific way discussing food pryramids , chains of evolution , and ecological niches , but then converts to unscientific baloney around page 30. all in all , i just do n't think it 's cut out for people over the age of 12 or so , unless you are just looking for fun and imaginative creatures . but in that case , why restrict your mind with the laws of evolution ? why not pick up a copy of the dungeons and dragons monster manual or something like that with lots of mythological and imaginary creatures ? i find that books intended to showcase the fantastic , do much better outside the realm of ( somewhat-boring ) science
books neg 158.txt if you 've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down , visualizing it , tithing - this book offers no additional insights . and despite his & quot ; official religious disclaimer&quot ; at the beginning of the book , it is packed to the rafters with the author 's own religious dogma . if you share the author 's religious outlook you may like this book , but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading
camera neg 724.txt i was extremely disappointed with this camera . it 's a shame there is no option for zero stars , because it does n't even deserve one . i bought two of them for a vacation to belize because we were planning to do a lot of activities in and around the water , and we were hoping to capture those memories without risk to our digital camera . now i really regret not putting a little more money into a waterproof case for our digital camera rather than wasting money on this camera and developing pictures that were only worthy of the garbage can . all of the pictures from both cameras were very grainy - terrible , terrible quality . the camera that we took pictures with while diving was slightly better than the one we never even submerged in the water . those pictures were so grainy that we could n't even tell what the pictures were supposed to be of . extremely disappointing for a camera that was n't even submerged in water . not to mention both cameras said that there were more pictures left on the roll when there were none , so we took shots that we thought were going to be really amazing only to find that they were n't even on the negatives . i was so disappointed in this camera that i wrote to kodak and they offered to send me two new disposable cameras . unfortunately our trip to belize was a once in a lifetime trip , so i have absolutely no need for replacements - the damage is done . and i have no desire to ever use one of these cameras again . if you are planning on using a disposable waterproof camera for capturing valuable memories , do not waste your money on this one . the only thing you will receive from the photo lab is disappointment . i wish i had done more research before purchasing this one - please do n't even bother with it
books pos 857.txt isalnd of the blue dolphins is an exciting book about an indian girl named karana . karana is left behind on an island when all the rest of her tribe leaves . on the island karana befriends many animals and survives in the uniquie ways of her tribe . will karana survive ? will she make it back to her tribe ? island of the blue dolphins is an exciting book that everyone should read
health pos 423.txt this is a great heating pad if you like heat . it ranges from low to hi with 4 settings in between . ( that is 6 settings ) especially nice is the loooooong cord . my old heating pad has like a 6 ft . cord and i always needed an extension cord for it . good purchase !
music pos 48.txt the series of " golden age of american rock & roll " released by ace could n't have a better end . during the past 15 years they have delighted us with a series of 10 cd 's with 30 songs each remembering the rock & roll era mostly with minor top hits between 1954 and 1963. one reason for their tremendous success is the superb quality of all the recordings no matter from what year the original song was . now besides these series of 10 cd 's from the r&r era they have launched another 2 special editions with the same title : one with the special novelty edition and another with the special country edition . both deserve more than 5 stars . the song selection on the novelty edition is just out of sight ! most of the songs brought back memories from a long long time ago since these were n't available after the time they were top hits . i never found them back on what compilation so ever until ace put them all together 45 years later . and with a sound quality better than in their original version on 45rpm . therefore do n't hesitate . buy it together with the country edition and you will have 60 songs for utmost pleasure ; 60 songs we grew up with and now with no scratches on them .
health pos 441.txt convenient to use , good battery life , good shave for an electric shaver , but still not as good as a blade . also a little hard to use at edges , such as sideburns , under and around nose
health pos 179.txt i love this product ! i deal with a lot of stress ( dont ' we all ) and was feeling edgy and nervous all the time . i couldnt ' even enjoy my grandkids . since i started taking calm advantage those feelings are gone and i can relax and enjoy life again . i would definately recommend it to anyone
health neg 553.txt i agreed with all the criticism that the revlon eyelash curler ( now discontinued ) received . it broke quickly and used up batteries by the truckload . but the one thing it did well that the carmen curler does poorly is to provide the type of construction and shape that keeps you from accidently squeezing pieces of eyelid skin . this instrument catches my skin very easily and it 's hard to get good curled lashes without hurting my eyelids
music pos 450.txt on this album , ice switches to a thrashcore style lovers of the style will go mad about.the songs are mega fast , with furious social lyrics and full of hatred.if you 're into thashcoreand dig bands like ratos de porao , get this one at once.it suffers from some degree of dynamic compression though , but if you can correct that , it 'll blow your brains againt the nearest wall
books pos 102.txt if a book makes me look forward to mid-life - i am all over it ! this book was actually required reading for my course study in human development - what a find ! here , harvard researcher and bestselling author , joan borysenko , takes the cycles of a woman 's life and divides them into 7 year increments . along the journey , she also makes a great case for debunking old myths about women and aging . ? that 's a big 10-4 , ms. borysenko ! i find myself constantly at odds with the " beauty " images that the media gives us . i mean , come on , why ' o why are we more often rewarding people for how they look and less for what they contribute to society ? perhaps it 's escapism - i tell myself ( in effort to sleep at night ) . yet , after reading borsyenko 's , book i 'm reminded that , yes , it 's good to follow intellectual pursuits . and , yes , there 's differences between women and men . according to borysenko , women are most often motivated by what they can contribute to society , family , and how to make a difference in the world . men tend to define themselves by their work . most telling ! anyhow , i wo n't give away the store here - but in my opinion , if you are of the female persuasion , you will not want to miss this read .
software neg 432.txt turbotax is okay if you only have a 1040a to file , but anything beyond that it quickly becomes a real pain in the nether region . not only that , but if you have complications with trying to file , good luck . it looks as though i will have to pay to have my estate taxes filed . ttax is worthless
music neg 938.txt ( with the possible exception of klemperer 's fidelio . ) i am deeply comforted to see from other reviews that others are finally getting the message . as mr clinton 's campaign team would say , " it 's the singing , stupid " . do *not* be mislead by the starry names , this thing barks and yowls like new year 's eve in the cats-and-dogs home . do not pass go , do not waste $35 , go directly to josef krips on decca legends for three discs of perfect joy
dvd pos 529.txt i have watched arthurs perfect christmas a couple of times on tv . i live in australia and no arthur d.v.ds not realy any videos either have come out . so could you please bring some out to australia . this is a must see for any arthur or non arthur fan ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
health pos 880.txt received the monitor quickly . it works well . the automatic feature is great .
dvd neg 554.txt this is one of the worst edited documentary i have ever seen . you can not have a single shot spoiled with flashes , slow motion , and unnecessary digital fx . i have nothing against crazy editing when it is for a 3 min mtv music clip or a tv add . but on a 7 hours documentary you get airsick . if fine edited , all this interresting story could have been told in less than two hours . each episode has a more than 2 min introduction.. . during the episodes you see some shots more than ten times . by the way , i am a very long time aviation enthousiast
health neg 992.txt the scale is already broken . it just reads " lo " when you step on it , and i just got it a couple of weeks ago . it worked for about a week and a half
software pos 238.txt i had a lot of fun playing this game and look foward to playing more nancy drew products . it was interesting and i could n't wait to solve the mystery ! i enjoyed myself a lot !
health neg 861.txt i know that i am at an fpo address so that makes it more difficult to send and receive parcels but , to have never gotten the parcel is unsatisfactory . i never got the item that you wish me to make a review on . send it to me and i will gladly use it and then review it
software neg 6.txt i just bought this cd because i am learning haitian creole , and that 's one of the languages that is supposed to be on this cd . when i installed it , i was unable to find anything on the cd in haitian creole , even though it is listed as one of the languages on the case . so it has been a complete waste of money for me , perhaps if i was interested in the other languages i could give it more stars . it also says in the blurb that u can use any of the 16 languages as the source language , but that is not possible either , u can only chooose a few of the languages as your source . i am very disappointed in the false advertising for this product . if anyone can find creole on this cd i would be happy to stand corrected . ps i contacted imsi and they say the cd 's were mislabelled , there is no haitian creole on the cd , despite the fact that it is listed on the cover
camera pos 421.txt overall , i am quite satisfied with the usability and photo quality of the canon a 710 is . this camera was an upgrade from my 3-year-old hp 935 - - the old guy still worked fine , but was very slow and did n't handle low-light situations very well at all . i was also looking for a bigger zoom range . after weighing the options , i decided that the a 710 is was the way to go . pros : - uses standard aa batteries . invaluable when you 're on the go and need more juice . also , the battery life has been very good - i 'm using the same aa rechargables i used for over a year in my old camera , and i routinely get 2-4 days usage from them before needing to recharge . - huge lcd screen that does n't suck power . fast response , too . - digital zoom that actually helps ! because the camera is 7.1 mp and has an image stabilizer , i can actually get usable images even at the full 24x combined zoom . very impressed . - very wide range of available settings . you can customize almost any aspect of this camera , from sounds to shutter speed to flash speed / brightness to focus to... . - big enough , and small enough . it will fit in my back pocket most of the time , but it 's big enough to remind me that it 's there before i sit down . - fast processing time . taking a 3 or 4 minute video and having it ready to go again in less than 5 seconds is a true novelty to me - - my old hp took forever ! the fast processor also helps in viewing the images on the camera - you can scroll through very quickly , and also jump to an image very quickly too . much better than previous canon models even . - memory backup battery . remembers what day it is , time it is , and what image you 're on - - even if you take the regular aa 's out . very useful . - fast start-up time . it 's ready to take a picture right after you turn it on , especially if you bypass the " welcome " image sound and screen . - cool features , like color swap and color select . also , there 's an option for when the camera is connected to your computer to set any image as your computer 's wallpaper with just the press of a button on the camera . the camera also allows you to use the digital zoom while taking video , a nice touch . - you can change lenses and add filters very easily . cons : - as i mentioned earlier , one of the reasons i upgraded from the hp was to have better luck with low-light situations . i 've had the camera now for just over a month , and i still have n't figured out the best setting for clear , low-light photos - - something that was very easy to do with older canon models , say , the a 510. as mentioned , there is a wide range of settings available , which can also be a negative if you do n't know quite what you 're looking for . - no " action " setting . similar to above , the one setting i miss the most from other canons is that action setting . this camera requires you to set it manually . - video file sizes . a typical 4-minute clip can run upwards of 200 mb - - making it almost impossible to send via email or upload anywhere online . also takes up a good chunk of a 1mb memory card , really quickly . canon would have done better to use mpeg-4 here instead of avi . - similarly , the video quality does n't reflect the large file size in most cases , though the sound quality is very good . - the big lcd is great , but is very hard to see outside in the sun . it does have a backup optical viewfinder , but using that puts your nose up against that lcd and leaves a nice smudge on it if you 're not careful . - buttons are still somewhat confusing after a month of use , but that 's relatively minor and will undoubtedly pass with time . - bundled software does not offer the ability to resize your images - - i have to go back through the old hp software if i want to take an image down from 3000 pixels wide to 600 ! overall , as mentioned , the camera is a huge improvement from my old hp , and even with all of those little annoyances , i 'm sure the camera would be a perfect fit for pretty much any amateur-to-intermediate photog . it 's no slr , but it 's getting there . and , you certainly ca n't beat the price
health neg 279.txt the scale is everything the manufacturer claims . however , with minimal use by one average sized adult , our scale lasted only about nine months . the balance part of the scale is very sound , but the battery clip that powers the electronics is poorly designed and built of very cheap components . i suspect that poor q&a will result in a fairly high percentage of these units failing and recommend that you go elsewhere . today , my scale will not function unless i hold the batteries by hand ( not too practical when someone is standing on it.. . ) . conclusions : * scale design is nice- -looks good . * construction of balance components is solid , glass is very strong . design and construction of the power unit ( battery ) is rather poor . * scale functions as advertised for a normal sized ( 80kg / 175lb ) adult ... until the battery power clip dies . * buyers should avoid this scale in favor of something with more solid battery compartment and connections . hope this helps !
health pos 894.txt i purchase two of the eva-dry edv-500 renewable dehumidifer and hang them inside the closet where i store my photo gears . although in california is not so humid but little moisture do add up . this dehumidifer is so easy to use - - unwrap it then hang it there . i check them once per several day . when the silica gel change from blue to pick , i just recharge it by plug it into the electric outlet overnight , then next morning , wow , a renewed dehumidifer is ready to use again . the changing of color is very obviously . i strongly recommend this item
software pos 380.txt i 'm an old school comic book collectors and i bought this in order to see what the technology has done with the print page . this is more about collecting the stories than it is about collecting the art- -and i still find there 's no substitute for the feel of those magical pages
camera pos 283.txt i own several canon lens for my 20d and this is hands down the best . i had a 28-135 which was a very good lens regardless of some reviews , and i got many excellent photos with it - this is distinctly better in all ways . ( of course , it costs a lot more ) . recently went with the grandchildred to sea world and i got 100% good photos , with several really outstanding ones . it is light , accurate and has is - what more do you want ? you can replace a slew of lens with this one and perhaps selling the old ones will help pay for it . bought it as soon as it was available and have not regretted it one moment . if you have one lens , this is the one
music pos 50.txt this is the soundtrack that led me into the wonderful world of glam rock ! it is outstanding and i could just play it again and again... . it is certainly one of the most brilliant albums out there and probably my favourite soundtrack of all time .
dvd pos 293.txt the great power of this movie is that you have no time to breath between the action scenes.the plot is easy to follow and all is the action and i think jj abrams did a great job as director.this dvd is worth looking
software neg 25.txt this is the first time i have ever reviewed a product and i do it so that no one else will waste their money on this . it adds virtually nothing to xp . too bad they did n't make it as interesting as their packaged media edition . that would have been worth the money , but old bill who does n't want to be the richest man in the world would rather you spend money on a new pc to get that product . the themes are nice but far too few for the price . the games are a gimmick since you have to pay to play the real things . the dj is dumb and the dancers are cute but after a while boring . hard to figure out how to use the music converter and photo stuff . too bad could have been something but in its present form , not worth the money
software neg 785.txt i was a private beta tester for the new os . i tested the software for a whole year and i am not pleased with it . if you depend on stability for your existing software , you are out of luck . the hardware and software support for the new operating system is horrible . many businesses will have to upgrade their hardware to use windows vista . you are better off upgrading to a mac . after all , microsoft did steal many ideas from apple computers .
camera neg 405.txt i purchase this instrument twice . the first time there were black specks in the lense , so it was returned . the second time was worst , i.e. same black specs but the thing did n't work at all . i have also checked this manufacturer 's other models out and most come with the disturbing black specks in the lense . this is n't a quality optical product
music neg 493.txt ok i 'll make it short but sweat great music , singing sucks...this guy is flat every song and he should go back to the honk tonk and get away from rock...if you think i 'm lying listen close how can anyone listen to this voice , he ca n't hold a note and sounds like he has a mouth full of mush , he sucked at country and has no place in rock...home boy go back to texas and get back to branded some cows cause you suck
dvd pos 174.txt argento is an incarnation of everything that film is and everything that it could have been as conceived by lumiere . after hitchcock and ray , leone and fuller , argento is the last true auteur to make genre films . visually , a film like profondo rosso calls upon the ghosts of the cinema because everything that is filmed , objects and people alike , take on the same importance and that this inevitably leads to the resolution of the mystery which is at the center of the film . argento can only film something as itself and this is why he is an extraordinary filmmaker . cinema is not an answer but a question and argento is the answer to eisenstein 's theory of film as violence , violence not only in the images themselves but in the great void that awaits them . a murder , a painting , a mother , a son , a mirror , all of these things will lead to a beautiful composition of images in which the mystery of seeing , the mystery of cinema , the questions , are resolved .
software neg 87.txt yeah , i know it 's the industry standard , and it 's powerful , and all that stuff . but , my god , what a freaking pain to use . it 's just plain tedious to draw anything from scratch . while the interface in cs2 is an improvement , doing relatively simple drawings with primitive shapes and freehand curves still requires much more effort than it reasonably should . frankly , i could draw better stuff faster with 1990's -era macintosh drawing programs . the drawing issues are compounded by the fact that - - in true adobe spirit - - this program is incredibly bloated and slow . it 's slow doing everything.. . i 've never seen a program so slow starting up . and every time you save a file ( even a tiny drawing with 10 shapes ) you get a " saving file " progress bar for a few seconds . it 's also incredibly slow to shut down.. . frequently taking about 30 seconds . i 'm running it on a pentium m laptop , and i know this is not a " graphics professional " machine , but come on ! let 's get the lead out ! i just get the sense that adobe pays no attention whatsoever to efficiency or speed . that bugs me a lot
health neg 166.txt i do n't know where amazon got these cases of all small & mighty , free clear . i use the same product all the time purchased from my local superstores and grocery stores and love it . from my local retailers the product has no scent and is the consistency of shampoo . the amazon case is gelatinous and smells like latex paint . it also disturbed me that the bottles are packaged differently than the local store version . at the store they have a shrink wrap label and a large cap for a dripless spout . the amazon case has sticker labels on the same shape bottle and a small cap on a non-dripless spout . at first i called the manufacturer . their customer service seemed concerned but then managed to drop my call . so i decided to use it . i do not notice any difference in the cleanliness level of my clothes . i would not purchase this again from amazon . the price is not that great to overcome the odd differences . i will , however , continue to purchase this product from my local retailers
software pos 920.txt this item was delivered in a timely manner and my son really enjoyed it . thanks
camera neg 79.txt this is my third digital camera , i bought it after my tot dunked my previous camera under water . i did a lot of research before i bought this and it was highly rated in consumer reports . after a few months of ok pictures ( the macro setting is not very good though ) the lens cover started sticking but i learned to live with it . i would manually open up the lens cover each time . then the lens cover got stuck in the open position and i was learning to live with that . but now the camera is almost completely dead . it will not power up properly and sometimes it beeps . i 'm not sure but i think i am out of the warranty period with this . i will not buy another canon camera . this camera was made too cheaply . i wish things were not made to break right away
books neg 954.txt blind items has the same writing style as at least one of rettenmund 's other books ( boy culture ) . he goes on for pages and pages to describe something that could have been said in two paragraphs . kind of reminds me of the articles you read in the sunday magazine section of your newspaper . if you like this writing style , rettenmund 's books may be for you . personally it drove me crazy and i set the book down after the first few chapters
health pos 67.txt i 'm writing to correct a few factual errors in other reviews . one reviewer claimed that soldier fuel contains no energy ingredients . this is untrue . soldier fuel was formulated by military labs specifically to provide steady energy to troops . carbohydrates are the body 's primary source of energy . soldier fuel contains 29 g of complex carbs ( the carbs that give long-lasting energy ) and 12 g of sugar . the u.s. military labs deemed this the perfect ratio to give you both a quick burst of energy and no crash . most other energy drinks on the market have lots of sugar and caffeine . since caffeine is a stimulant and not a source of energy , the result is a quick spike in energy followed by a crash . another error is that soldier fuel has more sugar . it has less . one 12 oz . can of soldier fuel has 12 g of sugar . the same amount of gatorade contains 21 g of sugar . the same amount of red bull has 39g sugar . finally , the support for the troops is not marketing hype . our company is partnered with the u.s. military 's natick soldier center . a portion of the gross proceeds from each can of hooah ! soldier fuel and each hooah ! bar directly funds research that improves the safety , diet , and quality of life of our troops
camera neg 827.txt i am a novice photographer , so take this with a grain of salt.. . i just bought this kit and it included no instructions and lots of components . i suppose if you are accustomed to using these kits , putting them together must seem self-explanatory . if you are new to these kits you will find it frustrating . it is also frustrating to discover smith victor does not have a support site ( just references on photography ) . they do not even provide a support # or address . keep all this in mind when considering something from this company
software neg 482.txt the bottom line of what makes a company viable is great customer service after the sale when things do n't go as planned . customer service exists but their reps claim they ca n't do anything about your problem . their manners are less than acceptable . rude seems to be the " in-thing " at this company . as consumers , we have options ; one of which is to ge elsewhere . i am writing them off as a lost cause and taking my monetary loss as a lesson learned . it 's too bad
books neg 101.txt [the above is an actual quote from the book] i do n't usually read romances , but got this one at the library . i thought : thriller . hijacked plane , navy seal...all the right stuff . and the beginning was promising . stan fixes everything , and has a human side to him that was compelling . then the plot hit the fan ! as a thriller it stunk . the highjacking was interwoven into the plot weakly , as an after thought . the romantic " tension " between the protagonists was forced and irritating . the dialogue is mundane . the message that horniness leads to true romantic ( sam and alyssa ) love is rubbish . the only worthwhile character was the highjacked girl , and i think it was brave of the author to not have her come out unscathed . the historic ( wwii ) componant was interesting . but overall , i kept asking who the audience is for this book . not lovers of thrillers like me- -and i wonder , do romance readers even care about a highjacked plane , or was that just getting in the way of wondering whether teri will ever tell sam that she loves him !
camera pos 168.txt the canon rs-60e3 is all that canon says it is....it is a simple one handed operation switch that can open the flash , focus , then release the shutter once , a multiple of times , or hold it open for bulb exposure . although the cord is not long enough to include the photographer in the picture , it was simple enough to make an " extension " that allows for very remote exposures
software neg 473.txt they changed everything ! in an effort to make it more user friendly , they 've rearranged most of the controls . menus are replaced by headings . it is difficult to accomplish what were easy changes before . some of this will likely improve with use . word 2007 is constantly trying to think for you , auto formatting as you type . however , it often is n't thinking what you are , and making it obey your commands is frustrated by the new headings . particularly frustrating , when i " right-click " on a list to restart numbering at " a " ( ie . after roman numeral ii on an outline ) , word 2007 flatly refuses . my research paper is now formated : i . heading a . subpoint b . subpoint c . subpoin ii . heading d . subpoint e . subpoint f . subpoint iii . heading g . subpoint etc....etc.. . this is ridiculous and inexcusable ! i also had to individually superscript 130+ footnotes . somehow , in changing the font from the widows default " calibri " back to " time new roman , " the footnote setting was altered and i have yet to determine how to restore it . however , if i open a new document it is fine , but i really do n't want to retype a 30+ page research paper . powerpoint 2007 works well enough , compared to the older version . they have added a few bell and whistles , but nothing that gets in the way . if you have to buy a new computer you 're likely stuck with the new ms office 2007. but do n't buy it until you have to . it is not an upgrade from the previous two versions
software pos 661.txt i received my emedia piano and keyboard method today and it 's not a bad program by any means , however i have two gripes with the software : first , either the " full screen " option in preferences does n't work or emedia feels that 640x480 counts as a full screen , so if you have your monitor set at a higher resolution ( and what mac user does n't ? ) you 'll need to lower it in order to read the lessons ' text , and since you most likely wo n't be sitting as close to your laptop / monitor during these lessons , this is kind of important . second , you need to have the program cd in your computer to get the sound and video to play , and the whine of my optical drive is mildly annoying while trying to study / practice . there are workarounds to bypass this type of copyright protection silliness , but it makes me mad that i need to resort to doing this . if emedia 's so paranoid about theft of their product , why do n't they just stream the program 's media portion from their website ? at least it would n't be noisy that way . other than these two flaws , the program is excellent for self-starters like me . plus it seems to be the only complete , low-cost piano / keyboard instruction software out there for mac osx . i would have wrote this review after a few weeks of lessons instead of my first day learning but the optical-drive issue really bothered me .
music pos 492.txt this is a great collection of hits from the 70's . it is packed with hits . it is a great addition to a 70 's hits collection
music pos 979.txt " the guitars are n't loud enough , and neither is the bass for that matter " which is so true , but it 's still a great album . seeing them live , makes up for this cd no doubt . stand out songs : -the city sleeps in flames -the world as we know it -just a taste -my darkest hour -empty glasses -the only medicine ' my darkest hour ' & ' empty glasses ' are my favorites . i know those songs by heart
health pos 496.txt i have two penguin humidifiers which i purchased a couple of months ago . for the money i think these are great and simple to use . i did not have any problems with leakage- -the key is to make sure that the top is on securely . also , some minor dripping is to be expected when you take the penguin body off the base- -just carry a washcloth with you- -no problem . super quiet . i think it is just the right size for a bedroom . easy to clean and fill . i had tried others ( honeywell and vicks ) and this is by far my favorite
books neg 504.txt rosalind krauss ' theories have some merits , and if you are looking at a book that will drive you up the wall the entire time shouting at it- - read this . i would never allow my grad students to read this dribble
camera neg 137.txt i have just bought the sony cybershot w100 camera little over a month ago and i have only taken 30-40 pictures , i loved it and then it just stopped working , so i recharged the baterry , no luck still the camera would n't turn off or on . so thankfully i had bought a 2nd backup battery charged it and tried the camera again . no it does n't work it only makes a slight ding sound and shuts off . basically worthless . it seems like it might have short circuited . but i was so excitted to buy this camera i read all instructions before use , i have n't let anyone else use it and it has n't been out of my sight , never been dropped , never in extreme hot or cold , always well protected . so i am going to try to return it or exchange it . i am hoping to get good service or i will be really upset for spending so much money and research just to take 30-40 pictures . hopefully i can let you know if they stand by their products . before now i have always been happy with what i have bought from amazo
books neg 239.txt i had never read a danielle steel book before , and decided to give her a try , given that she is so popular and has so many books published . i was pretty disappointed . i agree with the other reviewers that the plot is unrealistic ; however , if a book is unrealistic but well-written and engaging , i would still like it . i think the biggest problem with this book is the author 's excessive repetitiveness . yes , i get that this character is really cold and unloving- --that was already covered 50 pages ago ! in addition , character traits could have been better conveyed through situations , rather than simply stating , " so and so was a devoted mother " and repeating this fact again and again and again . these flaws in the author 's writing kept me skipping through whole sections of the book . this book did not leave me wanting to read more of ms. steel 's books . it is an ok book if you like romance and very easy , repetitive reading .
music neg 742.txt i have been listening to military band music for years , and am rarely disappointed . however , this compendium of music by the u.s. navy , army , and marine bands and associated choral groups is not to my taste . many of the arrangements are strange , and there is much too much vocal music when what i want to hear is the bands play . i would not have bought this album hhad i known beforehand what i know now
software neg 494.txt this is not the most recent version for this software . do an online search , check the manufacturer 's web site and you 'll find it cheaper for the latest version
dvd neg 960.txt wow ! this movie is deeply entrenched on my list of worst movies of all time . i watched it last night and i woke up in a bad mood . everything about it sucked except for the nudity ( hence the single star ) . i understand it was supposed to be something of a " comedy " , but without a touch of reality , i found myself laughing at the movie instead of with it . the acting is awful , the soundtrack is hideous and the plot is a joke . michael caine 's goofy appearance was accentuated with some ginormous glasses.. . there is n't a teen girl alive who would find that " sexy " . when i saw the ' blame it on rio ' reviews on this site , i felt the urge to hunt down every person who gave it more than 2 stars ( many gave it 5 ! ! ) , strangle them , then watch as they emptied the contents of their bowels all over the floor .
health pos 721.txt i bought this for my father-in-law who had a stroke this past summer at sixty eight years old . my mother-in-law at sixty seven , does n't have a lot of arm and shoulder strength and cannot wield a full-size wheelchair around and constantly pull it in and out of the trunk of their toyota camry . the light weight of this chair works great for short trips to appointments . i would n't recommend it for a long day shopping at the mall however . it 's not as easy to use as a full-size standard wheelchair . this is a great chair for shorter trips and appointments to make transferring easier to manage
books pos 540.txt from the introduction of basic concepts such as likelihood ratios and predictive values to the simple table format with the always beautiful netter illustrations , this is the ortho exam text to have . i just hope the next edition is being planned to keep pace with new research . thank you to joshua cleland for putting this together for us
music neg 94.txt the kidz bop series is the ultimate travesty in music . and do n't think that it 's good just because your kids might love it . kids also like to eat mcdonalds , but do n't try telling me that their food is healthy . there is plenty of good music out there than is clean enough for children . and , surprisingly , a lot of these songs are very inappropriate for children , even with the expletives deleted . there is no reason on earth why these records should exist , excepting for the fact that record execs want to milk more money out of the singles once their radio play starts to diminish . i agree with the person who suggested the beatles as an alternative . seriously , do n't buy this !
music pos 521.txt although a couple of reviews said this was a great product , i was wary as i have never found anything that actually worked . i have a job where my mind is always on the go , and often have a week or two a month where i just ca n't get to sleep . the cd arrived during one of these times , i put it on my portable cd player not expecting too much , and almost imediately felt a bit queazy , nothing too bad , and on later research this basically proves the delta wave theory dr. thompson is working . the only time in the past when i have gone to sleep so easily when i have been out partying all night when i was younger . i play the cd on a stereo i have in my room , and i rarely wake up at all . i am certainly going to buy more of his cd 's
health pos 367.txt the stuff can seem somewhat pricy ( specially on a college budget ) but it 's well worth it . the taste is n't much to talk about ; you 're better of just holding your nose and chugging it at once . then again , weightlifters do n't eat supplements for taste do they ? i have a huge energy problem , i lack it a lot . between class and work , i 'm usually drained at the end of the day , but this stuff helps me get into the gym and hit it hard . this is n't to say that it wo n't requre motivation on your part , but it sure helps . during the workout , you may notice an increase in your pump . my muscles felt so tight and big , that i just wanted to lift more and more . by the time i was done , i went to the lockeroom to change and saw a monster in the mirror . i 've had great pumps before , but this was insane ! it did n't even look like me at all ; it felt great . i 've been using it for 2 months now and i do n't train a day without it . highly , highly recommended
camera neg 124.txt i purchased this camera in august 2006 and have sent it out for repair 4 times already for the same problem and it is november 2006. kodak just keeps telling me to send it to get repaired . is that right ? it takes great pictures but when you try to download them to your computer it works the first time . you try to do it a second time and it freezes and gives you a cannot read device message . i have two kids and the most important thing is to send picture emails to all the relatives across the globe on their updated lives . i now have to go to my local photo place to get a cd and prints made and then download them into my easyshare software . oh , should n't it be easier after spending that much money on a camera . also , i had to purchase a dock adapter for my printer dock . when i put the camera on the dock , it does n't charge the battery or print pictures , the screen just goes grey . this camera has had its main board and firmware repaired and replaced every time that it has come back to me . the cost of shipping , cd 's and prints has just added to the headache this camera has given me . kodak has not been helpful at all and they inform me the only form of communication of through email . what are they afraid of , they need to face the problem and satisfy their customers . do not purchase this camera , it is a great if you just never want to get them out of the camera
dvd neg 120.txt i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for . the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality . this must have been taken from a 16mm print . it may be that this film is in public domain , so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd . there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues . note : amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title , so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of " meet john doe " . the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this : [...
music neg 826.txt except for the song , mother mother , i did n't really care for the rest of the cd . i bought it for mother , mother so i guess i got what i wanted . i had hoped to like other songs as well , but , oh well
books neg 953.txt i have studied the tarot for nearly 5 years and keep an open mind whenever a new book appears on the market . edain mccoy , who has written some wonderful new age material , strikes an off-putting note in this one . the spreads are certainly imaginative and are perhaps insightful to her own method of tarot interpretation , but convey confusing and ambiguous directions to the reader who is trying to understand her card placements . in several of her spreads she conveys that a card 's placement at a certain point in the spread " may or may not " mean some karmic element at play . the whole exercise of creating a spread is to pinpoint with a degree of accuracy the situation you wish to define . therefore , when a card " may or may not " mean something , that interpretation could significantly change on whether you " may or may not " interpret it that way , leaving the interpreter open to rationalizing a card 's meaning . tarot cards are intuitive , not rational , and their meanings can best be intuited when their placement is clearly defined without ambiguity it is difficult to have it both ways and i found working with these spreads difficult . imagine doing a celtic cross reading and the first position " may or may not " be the root of the issue . these spreads speak very clearly to the author , but not so to the reader . i rate it 2 stars for depth and insight into karma and past lives , but the explanations are too ambiguous .
software neg 791.txt i bought this program because i wanted to use it on the pocket pc ( dell axim x50v ) . the program is very confusing to use . it took some time to load on the ppc first , then you have to load the maps . i tried to load the map of the whole state and it was n't working . the map would come up and the gps reciever would pick up where i was , but when i would write an address of a street that exists , it would say " search done , no match found . " i called the delorme support many times , they helped me go through the application , but i feel that this application wont give me directions that i want off of the ppc . i should have bought the iguidance . one of my friends has this application and it is awesome . he loaded 3 states all at once and it gives you directions very easily . there are many points of interest . i particularly like the screen that shows you all the streets in a 3d fashion . it is easy to use . " do n't make the mistake that i made , buy the iguidance or tomtom software . "
books neg 938.txt as a follower of the celebration story for many years , i was greatly disappointed by what i thought would be a new and interesting perspective on the model town . it was nothing of the sort . the book had the feel of so many pages of anti-disney propaganda , and the repetitiveness of a bad serial . the authors of celebration u.s.a. clearly made up their minds about celebration long before signing off on a mortgage . lacking in the detail needed to illustrate celebration 's experiment with the tenets of neotraditional style , the book offered splashes of cliched generalities such as " a return to the past " and " recapturing tradition . " it soon became some sort of mantra exhorting disney 's ownership of the town , the rules imposed on property improvements and maintenance , and , interestingly , the attention the town received . most tactless of all was the shadow of mockery cast on every description of residents , conversation with neighbors , and interaction with people doing what the authors should have been doing : giving the town a chance
music neg 49.txt neither the amazon review or any of the customer reviews recently submitted mention this fact . i have few classical and pop recordings in mono that do not impact the listening experience such as ' songs for swinging lovers ' - frank sinatra or beethoven 's opera fidelio - conductor otto klemperer ( testament label ) . the material on these recordings are so good that the listener completely ignores the fact that they are mono recordings . i did not hear anything outstanding on this cd to make me overlook the ' mono ' factor . is this some great jazz masterpiece , recorded live in carnegie hall by two giants of jazz ? i personally do n't think so . somehow this material remained in obscurity for all this time and somebody by accident discovered this gem - if you believe that then elvis is alive and the earth is exactly 6000 years old . with small jazz bands , i like to listen to the musicians communicate with each other within the context of a thesis . examples : ' sunday at the village vanguard - bill evans trio ' or ' new york reunion - mccoy tyner quartet' . i wanted to but could not hear anything of this sort in this recording . this material is more likely to be understood only by the performers themselves and the real jazz aficionados . it may have been hasty but after one listen i decided to sell this cd and i have no regrets other than buying it in the first place .
software neg 347.txt i 'm in the midst of auditioning lcd panels and the local isf certified guy wants $350 per panel to calibrate them . i like tv and everything , but there 's just no way that i am going to spend $350 on tv that i might possibly keep . still , the store settings on any two panels have two problems . first , they are amped up beyond compare as the tv vendors compete to be " who 's the brightest " on the lit showroom floor . sitting in my living room , they are far far too bright to watch . second , they display colors totally differently . it 's just hard to compare to 2 sets that are calibrated so differently . now the tvs that we are looking at cost a pretty penny , and it seemed that a couple of hundred dollars to inform the decision was a good idea , just like the hundred dollars for an hdmi splitter seemed like a good idea . the splitter was a good idea , the spyder tv colormeter not so much . i calibrated 2 panels with this product . two things are true about the calibrations . first , they do not look at all the same . the sony panel has red shifted flesh tones while the sharp looks cold and sterile . second , they look way way worse than before the calibration . after 20 minutes of watching casino royale , it was time to revert back to a toned down version of the factory defaults for each . at first i thought that i had not followed the instructions right . maybe it was not dark enough . maybe the sensor was not positioned right . having done the process several times , i can state categorically that while the colorvision spyder tv may not deliver good results , it is consistent in its delivery of bad results . i simply cannot recommend this product
health pos 901.txt purchased 15 15hp15rb heating pads that are used by dialysis patients . they are doing great
software pos 27.txt this is an easy product to use . it saves you when a disk drive fills up and you want to use the same partiction but need more space . it will grab it from another hard drive . it is also useful in setting up a d : drive for documents , and and e : drive for programs . it is useful to have windows on c : alone . there are fewer crashes . michael common
music neg 961.txt zoolook~ jean-michel jarre is a case where the artist is way to avant-garde for his own best . after having made amazing albums such as oxygene , equinox and magnetic fields he unfortunately creates this mess of an album . i find it a bit too much like modern art , i.e. , confusing , confounding and impossible to grasp . it also seems like jarre was a bit over confident when he recorded this album . he had recorded some of the best synth albums of all time and decided to create a total arts album and it just does not work . this is an album that should have stayed unrealesed since it is just to avant-garde and sounds more like an experimental sound session rather then as a well produced album . very disapointing indeed !
books pos 946.txt this is by far the best dictionary on the market . far better than merriam-webster 's outdated and obtuse dictionary , the american heritage dictionary is a dictionary for the 21st century . it is up-to-date , informative , pleasing to look at and browse . i would gladly pay full price for this dictionary . finally , i can discard my outdate m-w dictionary . what a joy
dvd neg 361.txt seeing what 's become of the rock and roll legends i remember from when we were much younger , i found very depressing . i 'd rather remember them the way they were 40 yrs ago . even jerry lee looked like he was ready for the nursing home
software pos 973.txt i give the db pro 5 stars , but i am totally disappointed in amazon.com and the gamecreaters , heres why the first thing i noticed is my box is different than that shown here.. . http : / / darkbasicpro.thegamecreators.com i didnt recieve any of the free software stated in the link above i cant find the over 45 demo 's over 25 tutorials over 600 textures over 120 sound effects 900 3d models that is stated here.. . http : / / darkbasic.thegamecreators.com / i applied the .59 upgrade patch and now my program wont start . it says its missing msvcr71.dll file . the original version was 1.05 i cant believe the darkbasic.com is advertising this product , yet amazon.com is shipping some ancient version . hopefully i will be able to resolve this issue. .
camera neg 279.txt i purchased this along with a sony dcrhc21. this carry case was listed as an accesory so i expected it to be appropriately sized ( as other sony cases i 've purchased fit like a glove ) . this case is entirely too large to hold a minidv camcorder . the camcorder rattles around inside it . if you have extra attachments and lenses maybe you might need this one . otherwise i suggest you look at the product specifications , note the dimensions and then look at your camcorder 's size .
software pos 986.txt purchased this edition of taxcut last week . on win xp2 the software installed cleanly and it downloaded the updates without any issues . i imported last year 's data in less than a minute and i had my return completed in less than 1 hour . this includes capital gains / losses , dividends , and amt calculations . it does n't get much easier than this . yes , you have to download updates . the irs is still making changes to the tax codes long after this software has to be packaged and sent to the stores . the alternative would be to download the whole package online when you buy it , but would n't that take at least as long
health pos 662.txt love it , love it , love it ! it got my hair soooooo straight and in record time . i highly recommend this product . esp. for african american hairtypes . : -
camera neg 473.txt you have this camera case listed under accessories for the panasonic dmc fa20pp lumix camera . the camera does not come close to fitting in this case . the camera is 1 1 / 2 inches wider than the case .
camera pos 825.txt this is a great product . i wish i had not waited so long to purchase it . you must be aware that it only works with l type batteries . i though that it would work with p or m types , which is what i have for 2 sony camcorders . i had to then purchase an l battery ( np-f970 ) . my old camcorder that uses p batteries is able to charge l batteries as well . do your homework with the batteries
health neg 718.txt it looks cool , but the mister does n't work . the lights are the only thing that worked . it is very small too . i was very disappointed
books neg 846.txt i agree with the last reader . i did n't finish this book , it was so boring . nothing happened . and the characters were annoying . i read a lot of books that are n't action-oriented and like them . but this one was awful
camera pos 762.txt i have been using this scope on the beach at night to monitor sea turtle nesting . when up close , the image is excellent , but not so good for far away ( more than 100-200 ft ) . very easy to use , and the fact that it 's waterproof is a plus ( have n't dropped it in the ocean yet ! ) . you ca n't really get a feel for how good the image is in a residential area , but out on the beach , with the moonlight , it rocks . most of the time i do n't even need the ir illuminator . to save power , turn it off , and it will still provide an image with the available light for almost 5 minutes . if you 're looking to see things that are far away , this scope wo n't work well , but for things that are close by ( say , from one end of the backyard to the other ) it 's a good deal . i put mine in a hard sided padded carrying case , since it gets bounced around on the atv , and have n't had a problem yet
camera neg 919.txt i bought this camera for my 4yr old granddaughter who can handle my digital camera quite well and found it to be a total waste . the camera was much smaller than expected , trying to figure out what mode you 're in is ridiculous and the display is quite difficult to see let alone interpret . nothing is a simple " one step " procedure which you would expect for an item geared towards children . i was so frustrated setting it up that i did n't bother giving it to her . the software installed okay but was also far from " kid friendly " . i wish i would 've found and read these user opinions before making the purchase . ironically , the reviews i did see made it out to be better than the other cameras on the market for kids . i believe you 'd be better off purchasing a " regular " inexpensive digital camera for your potential " shutterbugs " .
dvd neg 842.txt second straight-to-video sequel to 1995 's & quot ; the substitute&quot ; has part-time mercenary , part-time substitute teacher treat williams taking over for a college professor who was brutally beaten by her juiced-up jock students . williams and his new team of operatives are out to uncover a steroid scandal linking the university 's football team to a local mafia goon . pretty good in a dumb saturday afternoon movie type of way but the third act is more cheesy and full of holes then.. . well , swiss cheese , i guess
dvd pos 663.txt i worried that the 80s soundtrack would detract from the film 's power as a period piece , but it totally didn't . it was seamless . i will buy this for my home collection . i have always loved kirsten dundst 's work and this is no exception
camera neg 499.txt i paid 99.00 for this little camcorder , thought it would be ideal for my action sports heros in the house , but we could n't get the videos to transfer to the pc . the menu button would not bring anything up , so overall we just could n't get this thing to work . a bummer of a christmas present
books neg 96.txt the amount of violence in this book is excessive over relatively insignificant motives . i had a hard time believing all this was happening in 1948. i am not questioning mosley 's portrayal of racism . however , i did a little research into just how violent place los angeles was in 1948 , and the answer is not very . there may have been poverty , racism , alcholism , but l.a. county seemed pretty safe ; the late 1940s had some of the lowest homicide rates since as far back as one researcher was able to find , 1827 ! mosley may have been more familiar with l.a. of the 1970s and 1980s and just assumed that it had always been that way . throw in speakeasies , gangsters hijacking liquor trucks , and one gets the impression that mosley is confusing the 1948 with 1928. i am not so pedantic as to insist that fiction be historically accurate . but many , many people hail mosley for depicting a dark side of life / era / place that had not been shown before . from what i can tell , he has simply combined stereotypes from the 1920s and 1970s ( i guess those years average to be about 1948 ) . mosley is depicting a fantasy world of his own creation . however , i doubt he ever tried to pass it off as authentic , and i hope readers realize that it is not . easy rawlins in this novel falls into the rather weak , but unfortunately large , group of fictional detectives that actually accomplish little detecting . a detective actually solves a mystery using his own intellect ; that is interesting to read . detectives in less skilled hands solve mysteries via confession . easy does solve one of the murders on his own , but just about everything he " solves " is simply confessed to him . i find that extremely dissatisfying . mosley has packed the book with violence , but seems to know very little about violence himself . none of the fights are well described . easy , for being a self-professed " killing machine " ca n't actually fight worth a damn and is surrounded by guns but does not apparently know anything about them . they are either big or they are small . he does not come of as being hard-boiled , but rather a pathetic braggart mosley does show signs of being a very good writer . but i think he is too far over his head in this genre to come up with something exceptional . i imagine that his work must have improved , but this effort is nothing to get exceited over . and again , i do n't obsess over accuracy , but a little bit of research would have gone a long way in firming the foundation of this novel .
books neg 124.txt i started reading this immediately after the last reh compilation and there could not be a greater difference in story telling . while reh was first and foremost a story teller , pressfield uses one of the absolute worst devices in his recount of a grandson of his grandfather 's remembering his conversations with a client who knew the famous alcibiades . this , as previous reviewers have mentioned , creates a large gap between reader and story . but why do this ? why use such a crappy method of story telling ? i guess it pads the book with unnecessary dialogue . all in all , it 's a slow , uninspired , day dream story . so crappy that i felt it necessary to write this review echoing previous harsh reviews . i want my money back
software pos 248.txt i love this product . i had a sample version of it prior to that expired , and i needed to have the full edition . it came in a timely fashion as well . i am very pleased
dvd neg 42.txt it is obvious that this movie is full of lies . although i have not actually seen it , i know this to be true because i have seen many discussions on the movie on the fox news channel ( god bless them ! ) . the way he attacks poor mr. heston is deplorable . ca n't michael moore tell from the comments charlton made at the rallies that he does n't have his faculties about him ? i am also unsure that mr. heston even said the things that the movie shows him saying . the ability of hollywood to manipulate and edit sound is truly amazing , making it appear that my president ( heston ) is an uncaring , babbling idiot by simply using his own words - shame on you michael ! and as for the way he got the gun from the bank , i agree with the other posters that the entire point of a bank giving away free guns is completely nullified by the fact that they did n't give him the gun the minute he walked into the bank . bravo to those who figured that out . also , michael moore is fat . take that pinkie
dvd pos 359.txt what really good fun ! ! my whole family enjoyed these dvds to the fullest . really wonderful , with the feeling of rome and a personalized view of the history . we often travel to italy and this was a " taste " without the trip
camera pos 663.txt i have no complaints . i have had this camera for over a year and a half and it has been reliable , fast , and gives me crisp , quality photos ! the only option i wish this camera had was a better stabilization mode to prevent blurred pictures , but the software edits the blur without reducing the quality . blurry pictures are not a problem as long as you know how to aim and shoot . everyone loves playing with my camera because it has many cool features to make your photos fun ! i highly recommend this camera ( especially to beginners or for those who just want a simple camera that can capture those precious moments , with high quality photos ) . excellent camera overall ! ;
music pos 523.txt love.this.album . every song is awesome ! this is the kind of album you play over and over because you feel great after listening to it . my favorites are " in a moment " and " know " . half past forever rocks !
health neg 401.txt i had this unit for about 6 months and it broke on me . if it had n't broke , i 'll give if 4 stars
camera neg 174.txt as a professional photographer , i find myself going through 5-6 of these cords each year . my equipment is my livelyhood and although it is used often , i am exceptionally careful with all of my gear and do not bang it around or abuse it . i use a stroboframe which makes it necessary to use this cord to raise the flash well above the focal plane of the camera . these cords are very expensive to get just a few months out of them . eventually , the hot shoe connector will either become loose and the connection will no longer function or the plastic connector will break and your flash unit will fall to the ground . ( this has happened twice to me and fortunately i was able to catch the flash unit ! ) the cord is indespensible if you need it , but contact canon usa and ask them to reengineer this cord or expect to replace them every few months
dvd neg 491.txt " midway " was the decisive naval engagement of the second world war - - decided by a handful of bombs hitting the japanese carriers over a period of a few minutes . it is a riveting story that has been well told in several movies and innumerable books . not here . relying upon outtakes from " tora tora tora " ( and the wonderful japanese cast of that film ) what we have here is a pedestrian outing that should be avoided at all costs . quite honestly ? the best version of the battle of midway was steven spielberg 's original " star wars " ( before it had roman numberals _
health pos 759.txt just bought this showerhead i have a stand -up shower built in with a pull around curtain . all other heads blow the curtain out and water on the floor . this is the one . it works great . i have a shallow well pump with 40 -60lbs of water pressure setting . my wife loves this so much i will get one for her up stairs full shower bathtub
camera pos 307.txt i 've had this camera for about 1 1 / 2 years now and it 's been a tried and true companion . i 've easily taken over 10 , 000 shots with it and produced some really exceptional photographs . the features that really set this camera apart are the 12x zoom , the image stabilization ( a must with such a large zoom ) , and the rotating screen ( great if you want to take a picture of yourself : ) ) . i also love the macro mode , i 've gotten some great quality close-ups . for most situations you can just stick it in auto mode and get great results , but the different scene modes are fun to play with as well . performs extremely well outdoors - - wildlife , sports , landscape , beach , etc. my only real complaint is its performance in low-light situations . pictures are grainy and the camera is very slow to respond , sometimes not responding at all . also it can eat through batteries fairly quickly - - regular aa batteries lasted me about 2.5 hours of continuous shooting ( around 200 pictures ) or less if i was shooting in cold weather . i would definately recommend rechargable batteries . overall i 've really enjoyed this camera . i 've used and abused it and apart from low-light situations ( which i was rarely in anyway ) it never let me down . both my grandmother and my great aunt bought one within the past 6 months and they rave about it
dvd pos 377.txt i like this season because it has moved out of the developing storyline and gone into conflicting with each other with two of the best twist in a show ever !
dvd pos 63.txt i just ca n't say enough good things about the brainy baby series of videos and toys . i have allowed my baby to watch one brainy baby video per day since he was about 6 months old . he loves them . and i love being able to have a few minutes to clean my kitchen . : ) as soon as the brainy baby theme music comes on he starts to smile . he is captivated . i like them much more than the baby einstein videos . and the toys.......he loves them . " hello , brainy baby ! " they are the most loved and most used toys in his toy box . i have to keep an extra stash of batteries just to make sure that they are all working all the time . we love brainy baby at our house .
software pos 743.txt i had the same problem with works suite 2002 that i had with 2006. the product key that came with the discs would not install microsoft word ; the message " invalid product key " came up . after a computer problem , i reformatted the drive and did a reinstall from the original works 2002 discs . the invalid key message showed up when i tried to install word 2002. after arguing with microsoft people for three weeks i bought the new works suite 2006. after running all the discs to a clean hard drive , everything worked except , again , the invalid key message came up and would n't activate word . highly irritating . i got it going by to microsoft works , programs , clicked word document , got an " activate product " and got word installed and running . this seems to be a dumb glitch in the software
camera neg 235.txt i thought i was ordering the right size batteries , but i found out too late this was not the case . now i am unable to get full credit for them when i return them
dvd pos 680.txt my whole family ( ages 7-68 ) greatly enjoyed all the horatio hornblower movies together . they are well made and great entertainment- -a very acessible way to learn about the napoleonic wars . it gives the viewers a real sense of how highly held personal honor and integrity used to be . we ca n't wait for a&e to continue the series
health pos 455.txt good product - the pressure could be a little stronger with the sponge head . it has a nice scent , and when the crystals had leaked upon arrival i had excellent customer service from the company to replace it .
camera neg 470.txt have never before provided a negative review but this is a product to avoid . instructions worthless - - only learned by reading reviews here that it is possible to change some display settings then went to much trial and error . after getting best possible settings , main problem is still picture quality : using high quality jpg files as input , photos display with about the visual sharpness of the sunday funnies - - individual dots very noticeable even at some distance . not at all like what i have seen in other digital picture frames . just arrived from amazon and intended as a v-day gift ( tomorrow ) for my wife , big disappointment , guess i better make a dash to the florist .
dvd pos 747.txt this film i have to say is beautiful looking , from the characters to the landscape . although lacking in numerous and long fight scenes , it does keep things interesting with matrix like effects . the only problem is the love between the two main characters . the movie never lets you feel the love between them , and the girl seems always distant about the love anyway i mean it is called heart under blade right ? the main ninja character has the coolest power and he always seems troubled to use them it . this film is more of a drama sprinkled with ninja action and beautiful visuals !
software pos 889.txt coreldraw x3 is a fine product . it has added some nice features from v-11. coreldraw came with a rebate and i must say amazon failed big time in helping me apply for it...on line was a joke replied by e-mail 3 time never got a reponse...talked to reps 2 times they did not help....yes i got the product in 5 days....but if you have a small problem....amazon aint gunna get r done
dvd neg 555.txt the movie is a piece of art . one of my all time favorites . the extended edition dvd is very badly compiled . the bonus features are sub par with bad video quality . the alternate ending and beginning look like they are from a totally different film , and do not have the bi look and feel . other special features are small and without much substance . the extended edition of the film itself is not spectacularly extended . it is not a director 's cut ( the dvd states this upfront in the opening credits ) so it not fun to watch . do n't get this if you are looking for a lotr style extended edition
music neg 603.txt with the greatest respect to the incredible bob beldon , joe zawinul , and wayne shorter , this box set should contain a warning . the warning is simple : if you already own most of the stuff in this collection , do n't bother . if you 're completely new to weather report , buy it . coming from someone that 's seen the band perform every year since 1972 and own all their official and quite a few " other " releases , i was really disappointed with this project ( except for the booklet ) . here are a few things that are puzzling : 1 ) a weather report box set includes three songs ( two composed by zawinul and one by shorter ) that were never released by weather report : a . in a silent way . released by miles davis b. super nova , released by wayne shorter c . experience in e ( excerpt ) , released by cannonball adderly ( i agree with the liner notes that point to these songs as pre-cursors , but mentioning them would have been enough - they are all in print ) 2 ) an incredible typo stating that alphonse mouzon was the drummer on " unknown soldier " 3 ) including a barely improved version of nubian sundance that has been in circulation for many years from " other " sources . 4 ) including another " better than , but not by much " version of the " other " sources for the 1978 rockpalast concert on dvd . 5 ) not remastering any of the original recordings . the tape hiss from the live in tokyo ( i sing the body electric ) songs is still clearly heard and not upgrading those old recordings is just plain unacceptable in this day and age . 6 ) finally , the cover itself - i have no words , except to admit " i do n't get it " . having said all that negative stuff - weather report remains the dominant " creative machine " of the jazz rock fusion era and those that missed it should buy this without hesitating . if you 're a long time weather report fan - there 's absolutely nothing to get excited about here . the dvd was especially disappointing to me . i have had that concert on vhs tape for many years and now on dvd ( all from " other " sources ) and was shocked to see such incredible video noise on the official version . zawinul 's black and white keys look like polka-dots in many places . ( i played the dvd in 5 different players ; two tv 's and my computer monitor to make sure it was n't my equipment ) . i should have paid attention to the pr person at sony that told me the concert was taken from a re-broadcast of the show and not from the master tapes . it 's my own fault for having unrealistic expectations . i should probably clarify that while the dvd is in fact clearly better than the " un-offical " version , it still looks like a bootleg ! sad.. . it is of some significance that this " review " is the first time i 've chosen to speak out about something in fusion that was less than flattering . it should also be noted that my disappointment is aimed directly at cbs / sony / bmg and not the musicians / producers . i 'm still amazed that this record company can see fit to release this and hold back the already remastered mahavishnu orchestra live in cleveland cd that was supposed to be released in 2004. lastly , let me make it perfectly clear that zawinul , shorter , and beldon are musicians and people i personally hold in the highest esteem with zawinul and shorter being musical divinities as far as i 'm concerned . while my review is an obvious personal venting , and i realize that zawinul and shorter gave this project their stamp of approval , i think that should n't be mistaken for a personal attack . my remarks are simply observations with some attitude directed at cbs / sony / bmg . by rick calic jazz rock world
camera neg 587.txt you have this camera case listed under accessories for the panasonic dmc fa20pp lumix camera . the camera does not come close to fitting in this case . the camera is 1 1 / 2 inches wider than the case .
dvd pos 844.txt of course dead alive was the better movie . but i think the comparisons to the peter jackson masterpiece are appropriate , due to the fact that there is a high body count , lots of over-the-top splattery deaths , and annoying partygoers that end up as zombie killers , some as zombie lunch . apparently there was some footage cut out for this release . i 'm not sure if that was gore footage or not , but i would think gorehounds would like this one due to the overwhelming amount of onscreen violence . there is even some non-gore & quot ; grossout&quot ; humor ( vomit-related , etc. ) that reminded me of bad taste as well as dead alive . sorry to run the peter jackson comparison into the ground , but again the influence is unquestionable . do n't expect the fx quality of dead alive though , this looked lower budget and some scenes were a little too dark to make out everything clearly . i do n't know if this was the way the original film was shot or if it was the print / transfer , but it 's a minor distraction . they did a great job with a relatively small budget . i echo the other reviewers who would like to see ittenbach 's other films on us ( hopefully uncut ) dvd release- -i 've heard burning moon is especially crazy
books neg 738.txt if this man took a the time to know the history of u.s. involvment in panama he would know that it was the u.s. that put noriega in power in the first place.it was also the u.s. that killed the previouse leader of panama , omar torrijos.who apposed u.s. control of his county . the united states has used panama for its own gains without regard for the freedom or rights of the panamanian people since the take over of the country by president roosevelt in 1903. one of many good books about the truth of panamanian history is by john perkins " confessions of an economic hitman "
camera neg 531.txt return ? ha ha ! ! ! you must email them for permission . they do n't provide the email address . i have spent untold hours trying to get them to respond . they will do everything to avoid returns . and amazon just looks the other way . do n't do it !
health pos 192.txt these seem to be an excellent product . there is little or not leakage . the wipes were a nice treat
books pos 200.txt playstation and x-box have nothing over the toy of the future : a time-travel device which allows for visits to the past . there 's only one problem with theo 's enjoyment of the latest model : it appears to be defective , and his interactions with peoples of the past increasingly holds dangers of changing the future . the debut titles in the newe " jump-man rule " series by james valentine , do n't touch anything provides quick action and unpredictable twists of plot , including romance , making it a most unusual , satisfying adventure story recommended for ages 8-12.
camera pos 294.txt love this battery . long lasting and just as good as the name brand
books pos 902.txt these mysteries are cozy and interesting and good ! ! ! they are perfect ! ! ! i could not ask for a better mystery ! ! ! not only is the setting and atmosphere cozy , but the clues , story line , and pacing are perfect ! this author definitely has talent ! ! ! the clues are perfectly and cleverly crafted and lead to the mystery solving . and the characters - you feel like you know them ! ! ! i love this small town and all the characters . not just the main characters , but the other characters have purpose and meaning in this book . hannah opened up a cookie shop , with the encouragement of her sister , andrea . hannah finds the milk truck delivery driver dead in his truck . she is determined to find out why he was murdered . i also loved the cookies and coffee and cold weather ! and i enjoyed the sisters ' relationship
music pos 778.txt i 've always liked tevin campbell , he had a beautiful voice and really did it on " break it down " . i particularly like break it down , shhh , brown eyed girl among others. . excellent cd overall .
software neg 243.txt this product could put user / customer 's life at risk . the mapping software navigates user turning into a one way street and takes you to a very remote off-road . this is the worst product that i have used in my life .
software pos 989.txt it is a little bit clumsey . when i go to it , instead of my cursor being in the space where i write the word for a definition , i have to place it there and that takes time . the first one of these electronic dictionaries i had ( about 5 years ago ) was fabulous , it was called " deluxe " and had everything , but my computer outgrew ot amd the makers have never bothered to bring it up to date and offer it again .
dvd pos 437.txt in an attempt to meet more girls , i took french many , many years ago when i was still in junior high school ( middle school to you young ' uns ) . in class , my french teacher treated us to a film screening of jean cocteau 's la belle et la bete ( beauty and the beast ) . truthfully , back then , i did n't think much of it other than being something too " arty . " but , over the past two decades , i 've seen this film a number of times and now have a decidedly higher opinion of it . la belle et la bete is a seriously important movie and a groundbreaking entry into the world of cinema . it 's certainly cocteau 's masterpiece . without a doubt , it provided the direct inspiration for disney 's oscar-nominated version , as well as greatly influencing cbs 's 1987 beauty and the beast television series . jean cocteau took madame leprince de beaumont 's classic story , adapted it , and put his own stamp on it . cocteau 's artistic vision is dazzling to behold . the viewer is treated to a delectable visual feast replete with disturbingly aware statues , ghostly arms jutting out of walls to clutch candles , vocal household objects , jewelry which turns to rubbish , etc. but nicely juxtaposed with the imaginative , surrealistic trappings are the more mundane sequences revolving around belle 's family , which serve to somewhat ground the fairy tale to a more reality-based semblance . this atmospheric film was given an enormous lift by the very wonderful performances of the two leads , josette day and jean marais . josette day , as belle , her most luminous role , personified beauty , grace , and class . jean marais , on the other hand , made women and young girls swoon in his dual roles as the handsome scoundrel avenant and the tortured but gentle-hearted beast . in fact , marais portrayed the fearsome beast in such a sympathetic and romantic light that , in the end , when the hirsute and awful monster was transformed into the handsome prince , cocteau and marais actually received many letters of complaint . the women much preferred their kindly beast . ************************************************************ the criterion collection 's high-definition , crystal clear digital transfer is awesome to experience , lending a lushness and clarity that was lacking in the older , grainier copies . this film is also well-stocked with special features : - 2 audio commentaries - a philip glass opera soundtrack option - " screening at the majestic " - a 1995 documentary featuring interviews with the cast and crew - interview with the film 's director of photography henri alekan - " secret professionels : tete a tete " ( professional secrets : face to face ) - the title of a french television show , of which particular 1965 episode showcases makeup artist hagop arakelian , who worked on la belle et la bete - the original trailer - the restoration trailer - film restoration segment - stills gallery - a booklet which includes jean cocteau 's notes on the film and a reprinted translation of madame leprince de beaumont 's original fable .
dvd neg 939.txt the alpha version of postal inspector is of very poor video quality . otherwise , it may have been an interesting mishmash in what was bela 's last film under his original universal contract . the stock footage of the flood is spectacular
dvd pos 123.txt the brood is the lightning in the bottle that director david cronenberg has never been able to duplicate . while all of his films definitely have his fingerprints all over them , the brood managed to rise to the top of all of his films . it is absolutely dripping in a sense of dispair and dread . there is a pervading coldness about it - such that you want to wrap up in something warm as you watch it - you want to watch it with the lights on because you 're very much afraid of what might be there if you turn off the lights . the film is a psychological thriller wrapped in a slasher flick . it warrants slasher status simply because of the sheer number of onscreen murders that take place . this is a very bloody film ! samantha eggar is nuts and in a weird clinic for people like her . she is being treated by a creepy oliver reed ( in one of his better performances ) . art hindle is her ex husband and he 's worried about how she is treating their young daughter . after a while that is the least of his worries , as these horribly disfigured and ( what the hell are they ? ) bizarre little children run around killing all the people that have really ticked off samantha eggar . i wo n't say more , because part of the horror in a cronenberg film is the pseudo-science that he get you to believe in . whereas cronenberg 's videodrome was weird , but not terribly good , the brood is one of the creepiest films i 've ever seen and a guilty pleasure ( can i really call it that ? ) that i choose to subject myself to every so often . really ! what are those things ?
health pos 181.txt this is a great iron for a starter , but will not do it like a stylist . i have had it for at least 2 years so it will last also . the price is a little bit to high i only paid $ 19.99 for it at walmart.i know everyone has gotten used to shopping online because it is eay and always open , but i have to tell you that most of the things i have found on amazon are priced way to high . they used to be a great spot to get good stuff cheap but that is no longer true . i think it just kind of creeped up on us without us noticing what was going on . please folks go back out in to the world and start looking you will see that i am not wrong
dvd pos 758.txt i bought the homecoming 3-4yrs ago , and i watch it every year at christmas . i found it on the floor in my house after hurricane katrina , still in the package it came in . i brought the dvd to my new place of residence and popped it in the player and it has been playing since i found it . when ever i 'm down it watch it , so i can relieve some of my own childhood memories of the season . it is a must see for the young and old
dvd pos 769.txt robert ryan made a number of westerns during the 1950s and ' 60s , but always he seemed to be overshadowed by other actors in the genre . nevertheless , who can forget the wild bunch or his magnificent portrayal of " old man clanton " in the seriously underrated hour of the gun ( with james garner ) . and his self-effacing determination is equally unforgettable in the day of the outlaw . now one of his best roles , as the straight-arrow sheriff in the proud ones is on dvd and available at a very reasonable price . finally . the proud ones is perhaps director robert webb 's finest picture , combining great action scenes and plot twists , taught dialogue , and a superior cast that includes not only ryan , but jeffrey hunter , walter brennan , virginia mayo , and robert middleton . minor roles are given attention as well , especially arthur o'connell ( as ryan 's deputy ) and , important thematically , the wonderful paul burns , who plays the town drunk and panhandler....hunter , when he finally assumes the mantle of sheriff , will give alms to burns at the finish of the movie , just as ryan did at the beginning , when he was sheriff . this touch dramatically completes the movie and has much to say about hunter 's increased maturity . the proud ones is a superb movie , with a great story...it will repay re-viewing . unlike some westerns , i do n't tire of watching it periodically . it is that good.. .
health neg 695.txt before the very first filter ever even finished , it started to crack all over.. . cheap produc
software neg 749.txt i bought this for my two sons , ages 6 and 8 , to help them develop speed with their memory math skills . what a disappointment . even when they do know the answer quickly it can take them a good minute to find the actual answer in the game . each playtime you must start from the beginning a work back up to where you left off . good for review but it takes so long to get to the levels where practice is really needed . i wish i 'd purchased a different product
health pos 314.txt i 've been using 2 of these batteries in my walkman for 10 hours now and they are still going very strong . it 's living up to its reputation as described so far .
dvd neg 793.txt ...i turned the movie off . was that supposed to be funny ? yes , some kids ' toy ( that happens to be a small motorized / electric model of a truck ) attacks one unfortunate postman on his route through some deserted village -i mean ; was this taken from the original stephen king-book then shame on you mr.king -that 's overdoing the terror already so overdone . not that the consept of " trucks " did n't appeal to me , but this must be perhaps the weakest adaption of the so-called horrormaster so far -believe it or not
camera neg 748.txt i have owned this camera for ~6 months and have finally deciced to replace it . i bought this camera to replace another nikon coolpix that was stolen from my house . but this one does not have a view finder to begin with and is way more complicated to use . i have always liked nikon cameras but the s9 just does n't make it . i can not use it outside because i can not see the lcd screen . sorry nikon but you blew it on this camera ! ! so i replaced it with a canon powershot a710. what a difference in ease of use and.. . it has a view finder . also my 1g memory card from rhe nikon fots in the new canon .
health neg 218.txt ok folks , this is a relatively low quality starter kit from a really decent company . the art of shaving products in general are really nice , albeit a tad pricey . this small kit gives you a nice sample of an entire line of shaving products that work nicely together . the full sized items will cost you about $75 - $100 total . the included brush is a " toss away " quality brush . this is not just my opinion , but a quote from the manager at an art of shaving store . my advice is to get some samples from a department store , then purchase the art of shaving shave cream ( wow ! a great product ) here on amazon , plus either the tweezerman badger brush for $15 or a best badger brush from crabtree & evelyn for $35.
dvd pos 499.txt director : denzel washington cast : denzel washington , derek luke , joy bryant , salli richardson , malcolm david kelley , cody hodges , leonard earl howze , novella nelson . running time : 120 minutes rated pg-13 for violence , language and mature thematic material involving child abuse . based on a true story , and with a screenplay written by the eponymous hero from his own book , " antwone fisher " is at heart a study of psychological disturbance , laced with reasonable amounts of hollywood sugar and optimism about the human spirit . it 's a peculiarly american medicine , swallowed less willingly in some markets than others , which probably explains why criticism of the film often confused denzel washington 's directorial talents ( which are generally good ) with the various workings of his film 's plot , which can be argued about . antwone fisher 's story starts in the navy , where after a particularly vivid nightmare he slugs a fellow shipmate , and is hauled up before the captain . sent to navy psychiatrist jerome davenport ( washington ) , he begins to work out issues of anger that , it turns out , stem from an abused childhood to which is added a guilt complex over a dead friend . at the same time fisher ( played exceptionally well by newcomer derek luke ) , struggles to establish a first adult romantic relationship with the inviting cheryl ( joy bryant ) . in a parallel plot thread , washington 's character , the ever-reasonable dr. davenport , is having marital problems . in due course we discover that he has things to learn about communicating too and fisher is a catalyst for his own change . fisher 's screenplay reached the cameras by a somewhat circuitous route : after his stint in the navy and with little writing experience , he was hired by a sony executive to write his own story - a process which apparently underwent over 40 drafts before it was acceptable . most of the weaknesses of the film can be traced to the uncertainties he brings to his new craft , although washington 's direction papers reasonably well over many cracks . the most unconvincing elements are those subplots that revolve around the main character . these include the psychiatrist 's ironic domestic problems , as well as fisher 's tentative love life . one is tempted to see these narrative distractions as rather manipulative bolt-on elements , leavening the appeal of a central , harrowing , personal history . the fisher - cheryl romance for instance , while in context necessarily clumsy , is also ultimately gauche . and once consummated , it is left to languish without further comment , as if further exploration of this side to fisher 's maturing was unnecessary . perhaps sensing this central weakness , fisher 's script introduces another element into the young african-american 's tortured life as a foster child . during flashbacks he has to deal with ' slave-nation ' justifications from mrs. tate ( novella nelson ) , suggesting a link between the hurt done to the individual and that presumably done to the whole black race - a reasoning which is frankly unconvincing and none too interesting . significantly , such issues are given short shrift by the psychiatrist himself , and soon disappear from view . on the plus side is the central performance by derek luke as the hero , a perfectly judged acting job , that neatly balances inner rage and confusion - " i do n't know what to do " - with lack of self-pity . washington 's role is also well done . given the difficulty of the actor-director role , he is to be applauded for carrying off both so effectively and without fuss , either in front or behind the camera . this is washington 's directorial debut and he does an admirable job of painting a thorough picture of antwone and even though the film could have benefited from some tighter editing , it 's still a film that delivers all the emotional goods . arguably the most impressive thing about this film is the casting of luke who was a total unknown actor with a mere handful of television credits to his resume and obviously washington knew he possessed the right goods to pull off the role . despite its flaws , " antwone fisher " is an intriguing look into the real life of an estranged , enigmatic individual ; it is a film that will stimulate the heart and make you wish that small children did n't have to endure such horrors .
music neg 574.txt my copy of " reckless nights.. . " ( and yours , too , probably ) has a sticker on front that reads : " one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century . " well , i 'm so glad that columbia cleared that up . otherwise , i 'd have had to make up my own mind , and apparently music labels do n't allow that nowadays . i hope similar stickers are included on chopin , mozart , and bach cds ( with the century adjusted on a per-composer basis ) . scott 's gimmicky fare makes for pleasant listening , but not in such a large dose- -monotony sets in after two or three titles , let alone 22. halfway through this cd , i felt as if i were listening to the drone of a defrosting icebox . for all the outrageous hyperbole thrown at scott- -no one else like him , no way to categorize his music , and so on , and so on- -the reality is that composers and arrangers like ferde grofe , duke ellington , glenn miller , alec templeton , and bill challis covered the same ground far more skillfully- -and , in most instances , earlier- -than scott . concert jazz , symphonic jazz , or whatever you wish to call it , was not the invention of any one man , and certainly not scott . check out grofe 's scores for whiteman- -in particular , his writing for woodwinds and his constant , scott-esque use of muted trumpet . listen to duke ellington 's " extended " compositions circa 1929. for that matter , listen to ellington 's 1933 " daybreak express " - -virtually the template for scott 's galloping miniatures . experience bill challis and glenn miller 's pioneering big band charts . or.. . believe as you 're told to believe , i.e. that scott , and scott alone , performed this kind of music . i mean , who needs history when we 've got hype ? it 's up to you , dear listener
camera neg 657.txt product is hard to review because you sent me the wrong battery . as of 1 / 29 / 07 it has not been taken off my credit card . how would you rate my review
books pos 81.txt sacred pathways is easy to read , plain , balanced , and straightforward . the book surveys 9 different spirituality types . for each type it identifies scripture , historical characters , styles of worship , and dangers . the book contains an evaluation tool to help the reader identify his or her personal spiritual personality . as with any survey tool this book does not go deeply enough into any particular spiritual practice . it does n't need to . what it offers is an excellent service to the christian community . for those who are trapped in a church that worships in a style predominately different from the their own , this book offers the knowledge that the reader is not alone . there are others out there that worship in the same way . for those who believe that all true worship looks like their style of worship this book offers a broader view of the christian landscape . i gave this book 5 stars because it could have a potentially life changing impact on those who have lived in a closed environment .
health neg 45.txt i was so excited about this product ; but when i got it i was deeply dissatisfied . the box was damaged . it was bent inward at the lid on one side and around the drawers opening it was ripped on both sides . i will be returning this product for a replacement . i do think that the box is really cute . however if i receive another damaged box then i will never buy another thing from this website
dvd pos 296.txt a great ending to a great series , it left me craving more . not olnly were the final revelations creatively developed the action itself was beautiful . plus mugen and jin 's final ( for the time being ) battle was great , leaving you starstruck and impressed by his ability to develope their relationship through battle . it was perfectly constructed to make you want to beg them to make another season or at least a movie
music neg 222.txt i got the cd with only disc 2...it was unopened and had 2 copies of disc two it was rediculus...im happy onme of my friends could make me a copy of the first one.. .
music pos 827.txt i received " the piano " promptly , and in pristine , excellent condition .
dvd neg 430.txt if there 's a worse movie than this i have n't seen it ! looks like it was made in a day . the quality is dark and muddy with choppy edits . sort of like it was copied from a vhs tape that was recorded in the 6 hour mode after it was played 6 , 000 times . the actors and actresses deliver their lines like they are playing aliens in a bad twilight zone episode . if you look hard enough you can see the guy holding the cue cards in the scenes . the musical performances are obscure little known doo wop flops ! ( except for frankie lymon ) . look.....i wasted $14.99 plus tax plus gas to " run out " and buy this bomb . the only possible way to save it would be to maybe dub it in swedish , send it to a greenwich village " art house " and pass it off as a foreign film . come to think of it....do n't bother to dub it.....the sound is so off it looks dubbed already ! important update.....please read this ! i later discovered after i wrote this review that there is some significant social redeeming value to this little gem of the 50's . i understand that it is used constantly at the international institute for sleep disorders as the most preferred method of inducing a semi-comcious near sleep state for incurable insomniacs . and so as i write this update i 've been watching the flick again and i must admit.....i.... . ( yawn ) oh excuse me...where was i...oh yes i must admit that i.... . ( bigger yawn ) oh my goodness....i 'm so sorry....this is so rude of me... . ( yawn ) but it seems like.... . ( snoring ) ....i... . ( snoring ) i just ca n't seem to ( intense snoring ) ........
software pos 800.txt i have been supporting quickbooks as a financial and technical consultant for small businesses for over a dozen years . this year 's version added a neat feature that allows you to see all of your customer 's invoices , payments , estimates , - all in the same window - just by clicking on a customer in the list . no more multiple clicks to create customer reports . it is just plain easy , and the information pops up on your screen immediately . congratulations to intuit on a job well done
music neg 610.txt my 8 year old daughter was very dissappointed after receiving this cd for christmas . it is advertised as the cheetah girls 2 - however these vocals are not sung by the original cheetah girls who are in the movie . the songs just do n't sound the same . it 's very dissappointing that disney does n't tell you this on the cd
camera neg 588.txt bought this as an xmas present to myself - to bring along family photos while on business travel . i 'm now on the 2nd unit ( exchanged directly w / phillips ) , and am still having the same issue with it not reliably working with external ( in my case , sony memory sticks ) . the internal memory is pitiful , and unless you want to resize all the photos you put in it , you are not going to be able to hold very many internally . i 've yet to get the auto on / off feature to work , and while it is perhaps a pc friendly device , it 's certainly not always mac friendly - the controls are cumbersome to work with , and the directions meager . i wanted to be able to carry this in a backpack or carryon bag , the fact that the support stand ca n't be folded tight against the unit makes it difficult to do this - of course , no mention of this in the product description . also no mention that it only supports older memory sticks - no support for the new , ms produo sticks ( and no mention of that in the product descriptions either ) i thought i would get a quality product from phillips , and this certainly looked like it had potential - unfortunately , it 's turned out to be a piece of junk , one i 've been screwing around with for so long that it 's probably not returnable . do n't waste your time and dollars...................... .
camera neg 153.txt do n't buy this camera really . i had it for a month and was taking good care of it . i was initially thrilled . the lcd screen got damaged - - no i did n't drop it . the treatment from customer service was so poor and disturbing that i was shocked . the customer service representative actually questioned my integrity and proceed to talk to me as if i were an idiot . a $181 repair bill for a $300 camera is not feasible . it was a great camera at first , but i demand better treatment and respect from the company . look for a better camera , look on the web for comments on their customer service and do n't buy this camera . i had read very negative things about sony but did n't think they applied - - they really are true . i do n't like being called a liar by anyone especially when i am the customer . the camera is a month old and it is now garbage . while i understand policies are policies in terms of a warranty , i will not accept such poor treatment and customer service . i teach photography and will tell my students the same thing - - if customer service and respect matter to you , then do not buy this camera .
software neg 520.txt the new product release is worthless - too buggy and slow to work . the previous releases were ok - they did find some malware and removed it , without interference in our system . however , despite the cute-sy interface , there are other software programs that provide the same ( or better ) anti-malware support . most importantly , this company has some shady business practices ( like hidden yearly automatic renewal charges , installing google toolbar with download , etc ) and no way to contact them directly other than their online contact form which never receives a response . check out the better business bureau to see their " unsatisfactory " report . i am currently disputing a charge from this company on my debit card and have had huge problems - so far i have only been able to speak with bridget at their third-party billing company who says they are not able to provide assistance with my complaint . there are other , more reputable companies to work with . this type of software is not worth the hassle
software pos 883.txt i have been using computers since dos 5.0 and this is by far the most user friendly , comprehensive , and powerful operating system i have used so far . aside from linux , if you are interested in an easy to use , dynamic os go with xp professional . it has lots of features that are always coming in handy . unless you wanna go crazy and are an it power user ( in which case linux ) , go with this os . its great
music neg 56.txt this is not necessarily an indictment of aimee mann or holiday music....though i do find such disks as being cheesey . i was a bit surprised when i heard mann was coming out w / a holiday album . it seemed a bit above someone who has based a career on not only original material , but non-mainstream music . it has also always surprised me that at the plethora of holiday disks that are out there and how many more come out each year . is it just me - or are there only 18 holiday songs in existance to begin with ? there is only so many different ways to cover " i 'll be home for christmas " , " winter wonderland " - all of which i believe are covered by james taylor , sarah mclachlan and better midler , all of which were released this month . i 'm guessing they are cheap to produce and easy to pull in profits . that being said - i still like mann 's voice and she comes through with 3-4 songs that are above the fray . " whatever happened to christmas " , " christmastime " and her original " calling on mary " . i also liked the fact that she covered " you 're a mean one , mr. grinch " . that seems to suit her more . not my cup of tea - but the songs i mentioned are the reason the disk gets 2 stars
dvd neg 277.txt this dvd covers addition from 1 plus 1 to 3 plus 3 plus 3 in about 60 seconds ! it does not give enough body to the addition explanation and is hard to follow . it was a pure waste of money
music neg 105.txt rob touches on so much with this cd . my favorite song is one that has n't got any airplay and , in my opinion , the public missed out a great hit ! " streetcorner symphony " is about people coming together . it 's what i call my happy song . each day as i go to work i play the song as loud as i can get it ! we , my daughters and i , saw him live and he also called it a happy song ! i ca n't wait for his live albulm to come out ! there are fast and slow songs on this cd and will be worth every penny you spend to buy it ! incredible voice and songwritting
health neg 677.txt it 's ok that helps to moisturize the skin , but it 's just stays oily and cannot be absorbed appropriately in the skin .
dvd pos 630.txt one of the most compelling events of the release of kenneth lonergan 's you can count on me is that it gave visibility to mark ruffalo who plays a troubled young man who , unable to deal with the childhood trauma of having lost his parents to a car crash , lives of life of unattached agony and isolation . he 's a loner and a drifter , medicating his self-pity with pot and short-lived relationships . his sister sammy , played wonderfully by laura linney , reacts to the same tragedy by being , in many ways , an overresponsible overcontrolling super mom . two opposite reactions to the same tragedy of course result in a sibling clash . this film shows with great complexity and biting comic insight , the attempt of this brother and sister to shed their defense mechanisms and most importantly reconnect with one another . the ride is never easy in this film . no easy answers are given . just as important , this film , which deals with the pain of loss , never descends into the maudlin hallmark movie sap that other films would . balancing edgy humor and profound psychological insight , lonergan has written and directed a tale that captures the layers upon layers of psychological complexity that accompany the trauma of loss . amazingly , he does it in a fast-paced film with scenes that are by turns comic and dramatic . matthew broderick , for example , plays a hilarious role of sammy 's neurotic anal-retentive boss at the bank . the conflict between him and sammy leads to a plot point that i 'll let you discover in the film . but most of all , this film shines because mark ruffalo plays such an endearing , sympathetic , sometimes infuriating character . you wo n't forget him
health neg 499.txt i bought this scale because i figured the price was right . well , as they say , you get what you pay for . first of all , it is flimsy in construction . i am under 200 lbs . , yet when i step on it , the cheap plastic bends down . you can just feel how thin and unsubstantial the plastic is . next , the first time i weighed myself , i found that i had lost 7 lbs . overnight ! if only this were true . i did n't believe it . i stepped off and got back on and i had gained back 5 of the lost pounds . off and on again - - and i was up another 4. if you like to just kind of average your many readings , then this scale will work for you . otherwise , take a pass . btw , and i was using it on a flat hard surface .
dvd neg 510.txt i watched ten minutes of beanie seagal trying to act and turned my dvd player off to read a book . i had to . i felt like i was getting dumber by the minute for watching that short segment of the movie . it looked so common i did n't even need to see the rest to tell you the end . i 'm willing to bet some people got shot , somebody got away with the crime , the police arrested beanie , and somebody 's mother was yelling at somebody . i do n't even care if i 'm right or wrong because regardless , i 'm not gonna finish watching this movie
books pos 339.txt i 've skimmed a number of popular books published in the last few years on the problem of sexless marriage , and this is by far most interesting contribution to date . first , there is no recommendations for drug therapy anywhere in the book . second , the author frequently brings into the discussion a european-influenced view of some particularly american style predilictions and assumptions reguarding sex , parenthood , gender politics , and relationship expectations . her fundamental premise is that eroticisim requires seprateness , and in the course of building and sustaining security , we can frequently lose the " me " and " you " in us . but even more important , she sees the very contemporary marital impulse toward an egalitarian union - - while great for chores and child care - - can be a neutralizer in the bedroom . you may or may not find strands of your own dilemma in her case histories , but you will not walk away from them empty handed , either . there are many aspects of the book which are highly nuanced , and wo n't survive well in the o'reilly world of broadcast media interviews . i can just hear some producer-fed talking head asking something like , " you advocate couples go to vegas for swinging ? why ? " ( she does n't ) . so do n't pay attention to that noise . this is an intellegent , respectful , contemplative work of original thinking that confronts a subject too often approached with superlatives and pabulum . buy one for yourself and one for your best friend - - more than likely , they 're suffering , too
camera neg 257.txt this canon camera has poor quality interlacing artifacts all though out , on a 1080p monitor . i have used other hdv format cameras , and they were much better . the low light level recording was filled with fairly large digital grain . if you use a 1080i tube then it will probably look ok in high light , but still plauged in low light
books pos 255.txt tim russert is a great journalist and this book is a great resource for ideas and suggestions on how to be a better dad . in fact there is something in this book for everyone no matter what your relationship with your father is or was . the most precious things a father can provide are time , attention , and love . this book makes the reader sit back and appreciate the little things only you and your dad know . great work ! keep it up , tim ! - - i also watch most of tim 's tv programs .
dvd neg 972.txt first of all , who was the spastic genius who decided that concert films had to change camera angles every five seconds ? this is terribly anoying , especially when every third shot is of the same audience members . this may be fun for a home video , but not for a mass marketed commercial release . the dance hall crashers are an awesome band . much of the fun of seeing the dhc in concert is their highly kinetic stage presence . it would have been great if this dvd had concentrated on the band as a whole and not just different extreme closeups switched at a dizzying rate . and since the dhc are supposed to be the focus , why does the director insist on featuring so many shots of the audience ? it gets on your nerves . i love the dhc . their live cd has a permanent place on my playlist . but this horribly made dvd only made it through three songs . perhaps if i had been at the front of the stage that night , i would appreciate it more .
camera neg 228.txt we bought three of these for christmas presents and two of them stopped working already . they wo n't turn on at all . one of them broke almost immediately , and philips sent a refurbished unit to replace it . that one is now broken , too . the units have not been dropped or mistreated in any way .
health pos 433.txt the mirror is great . i use it for shaving my face and it fits the bill perfectly . both the normal and 5x mirrors are nice and clear
software pos 423.txt i am a single mom and have never done my taxes by myself . the cost to have taxes done is ridiculous . this is the best thing ever . it walks you thru everything and is very easy to use . i will buy this product again next year. .
health neg 423.txt ordered a new pen and pencil set , opened the box only to see " made in china " . i dont even want them now
camera pos 979.txt the flash works very well , i do wedding photogrphy so i need a good flash . it works great . i am very happy with this product
dvd pos 307.txt " animal house " raised the bar , and set a standard for all comedies that followed . many have tried to duplicate the originality of this movie , and all have failed to come close . a classic for the ages
health neg 759.txt took two pump bottles on a camping trip in the sierras and they leaked terrible ! fortunately i had double-bagged them in ziplock bags . i was able to spread the leakage on my body by hand , which did keep the mosquitos off for hours .
dvd neg 873.txt i do n't know what the last poster was thinking.. . this dvd goes to the top of my worst quality list . i would n't complain as much but they are advertized as & quot ; digitally remastered , & quot ; which is obviously meaningless . & quot ; long john silver&quot ; is soft-focus , borderline blurry , throughout ; marred with constant flecks and blobs ; and has countless vertical scratches that score the full image . it 's like watching some old home movie you found in a trunk . have n't viewed & quot ; captain kidd , & quot ; but a cursory scan indicated it too is in poor condition . if that 's the best the films come , and there 's no money for clean-up , so be it . but get that misleading & quot ; digitally remastered&quot ; off the box . that 's a hoodwink if ever there was one
books pos 337.txt well written and fully documented . i confess that i knew very little about the beginings of islam or its constant bloodshed . anywhere islam becomes entrenched , freedom is taken away and civilizations are destroyed . hatred is not discouraged but encouraged . islam 's world view is this in a nutshell , do it our way or perish . this book will rob you of your sleep
music neg 984.txt the singing is terrible on " fly me to the moon " . do n't take my word for it . listen to the free sample supplied by amazon.com . at 16 seconds into it , when she sings " all i worship and adore " , she goes almost a whole note sharp for several notes ! even someone with no musical training can hear it . the rest of the pieces sound fine
health pos 570.txt adds a great fragrance to the room . we bought several different scents and placed them throughout the house . it 's a different smell in every room . what a pleasant change from smelling the pets .
health pos 180.txt bought this for my husband who has a 2 hour ( one way ) commute by bus to work . he loves it . now he can nap without waking up with a cramp in his neck . it is very portable , with a small carrying case and is easy to blow-up . a bargain for the price
books neg 855.txt while this book is a good attempt at placing statistical topics necessary to toxicology in one spot , the mistakes are inexcusable . many formula are incorrect as well as text referring to the wrong tables or data . therefore , one begins to lose trust in the information presented . be careful if you use this book
health neg 822.txt compre 2 frascos de centrum silver 220 capsula y lo que yo pedi tiene un encabezado donde describe que tiene lincope en la parte de arriba a la izquierda . el frasco que me enviaron no es el mismo que yo compre . rafael a garcia
books neg 566.txt this is a nice book but it does not contain provencal style interiors ! i am not sure how the author came up with that title since anyone who is interested in french country will not find it here . if you are truly looking for provencal decorating ideas-this is not the book for you . confused ! !
software pos 64.txt i downloaded the demo of this program and although i am by no means a pro photographer i do have over 4 , 000 digital photographs of my family and i am taking new photos each day . in addition i post my photos on pbase so family and friends can always see the latest photos . i started looking into digital asset management after i started to fall behind on updates of the pbase photo website because of the time consuming process of managing my collection . in case you have not looked , there are products out there such as idimager , imatch , extensis porfolio , and many more . i downloaded demos of imatch and iview media pro and used each only briefly . although imatch costs only $49.00 or so and iview costs about 3x more ( around $160 ) i chose iview because i felt the interface was just easier to use . of course this says nothing about the features in each product and i am not attempting a feature by feature comparison because i do n't have the time . i do think that imatch is an excellent product and the few features i am looking for appeared to be available in both products . i recommend that anyone looking to purchase software attempt to download a demo first
health neg 585.txt using this on my legs feels like electric shocks because of how it pulls and chews . i would n't dare use it on my underarms . very poor shaver ! !
books pos 847.txt i loved this book . it talked about every facet of the stock market , but did n't go overboard with jargon . i knew absolutely nothing about stocks and after reading this book i am ready to learn more . it was well written , interesting , and , unlike some investing books , the author was not trying to sell anything . this is the perfect book for anyone who wants to invest but has no knowledge of the subject . i really enjoyed this book
dvd pos 756.txt a very well done and most interesting film on a very intelligent animal , the dolphin . it is perfect . i 'm buying copies to give to my friends
health neg 954.txt this cannot be the real thing . the scent does n't last 5 minutes . what a waste of $50.00. i am so disappointed .
dvd neg 570.txt the ordering , speed of delivery were great , but there was one huge problem which ruined all the good points . the wrong movie was delivered . i ordered honeymoon in vegas and received leaving las vegas . and it was too late to return the movie and receive the replacement in time for christmas . so that was bad
camera pos 989.txt i 've been waiting for this technology for years . so when i found out jvc was planning on coming out with their 4 gb microdrive version , i had to have one . the $1500 price tag was too much though . then i found out the gz-mg50 was coming out , and would be about a $1000. i thought it was still a little pricey , but i could n't wait any longer . so far , the camera has performed great . it 's been easy to use and easy to transfer the files to my computer then to dvd . however , the video editing software that came with it seems a bit cheap , but it gets the job done . maybe the next gen version will be an improvement . the movie quality is very good . i wo n't give it a " great " because i occasionally see pixel blurring when watching my burned dvds . do n't bother taking pictures with this , unless you only plan on emailing them . the quality is far too low to use to capture those precious moments . i recommend getting an additional battery ( the three hour model ) . the one hour battery just does n't cut it , especially if you want to review your scenes while you 're out shooting . if jvc gave the camcorder a larger ccd and included better software , i would have given this a 5 star rating , otherwise i think they are on the right track , and in a few years , the minidv may be as forgotten as the eight-track .
dvd neg 347.txt it 's good to see that in his twilight years , old squinty eyes , clint eastwood is growing comfortable playing grouchy old dudes , because , well , he is a grouchy old dude . this movie is anemic from the beginning . taken from a wonderful novel by michael connelly , clint plays an old grouchy dude who 's just gotten a new ticker because his last one gave out while chasing a serial killer . run , run , run , thud . next , new ticker intact , clint is hired to find the murderer of a cute black woman by her sister , another cute black woman . oh , and cbw#2 plays the guilt card on clint , because he 's got his new ticker courtesy of cbw#1. so there 's a little bit of investigative work , a little but of huffin ' and a puffin ' , and finally clint discovers who the serial killer is who was responsible for his first ticker giving out and the murder of the donor of his second ticker . jeff daniels plays a doofus that lives next door to clint . what a stretch . special warning : clint takes off his shirt yet again in this film as he smooches on cbw#2. it must be in his contract or something . no one , and i mean , no one wants to see saggy clint with his shirt off . for a much , much better clint movie , go rent " unforgiven "
software neg 254.txt i trusted that this software would do what it claimed to do and was so let down by its lack of performance that i am dumbfounded and left speechless . during backup process i selected about 15gb of info to backup , spanning 4 dvds . everything looked fine , except for two ( 2 ) simple errors that i received , indicating that those related files may not have been copied / backed up properly . i figured no big deal , 2 files / errors out 15gb , i could handle that . based upon the false pretenses that my critical info was backed up properly ( simple pictures , videos , mp3 files and financial files to include previous years tax files ) , i then proceeded to slick my drive . remember , only 2 simple , benign and almost inconspicuous errors during the backup process . everything looked great . during the restore process , i then received numerous errors , each of them requiring me to click ' yes ' when asked if i wanted to proceed . i got tired of clicking yes around the 100 or so mark and decided to click no . when you click ' no ' , everything is undone ; there is no ' ignore all ' function so i had to sit through every prompt and got tired of it and decided that proceeding with 1000 files and answering yes would involve too much pain for me . i then selected a smaller group of files to have restored , only the ' my documents ' folder but ran into the same situation . eventually i ran a test on a small folder to have restored and still ran into the errors but pressed through . hardly any of the files were received error free and those that had issues were never restored . my guess is approximately 2 / 3 or 3 / 4 of my files were not restored and of course none that really mattered made it . i had the latest update applied to the program , so that should not be the cause . i would have done better to slick my entire hard drive without going through the backup process as i would have been at nearly the same place but without experiencing all the headaches , frustrations and an investment of hours , no days of my time . the program has been recently purchased by microsoft for inclusion in the vista os , i imagine . it will do well as a microsoft product , as it fails to deliver upon its promises
dvd neg 396.txt i bought this thinking that this would be fun and a decent workout , i tried it a few times but just couldnt get in to it . it go 's a bit fast but i know i could get used to it , but they have very big steps and they lung into it and i think it would be better if they work up to it i kept finding myself rewinding it to do the step corretly i dont realy strive for perfection i just want to do it some what right . there are better ones out there than this , but i think i am going to try it again cuz it wasnt so bad that i am going to quit it
books neg 784.txt although i am a psych student with a pretty good gpa , i find this book difficult to understand . the difficulty seems to come from the authors ' desire to condense as much information as possible in just a few hundred pages . this leads to a cryptic language , where some terms are defined only once and some sentences become a string of such words , a thing which , personally , frustrated me
dvd neg 290.txt the only good thing in this movie was ms. howard 's performance , she is innocent and believable . i ca n't understand how good actors like weaver , hurt , and phoenix would let themselves be wasted on this . the ' plain ' dialogue among the ' elders ' is painfully numbing , choppy , and stilted . and the directing drove me crazy , especially since m. night...insists on filming group scenes as is he was just passing through , or following them without ever bothering with close-ups . these scenes make me feel like they were done by an amateur filmmaker with a his first video camera . if you like the back of william hurt 's head , you 'll get plenty of it in this film , the camera seems to avoid his face like the plague ; which is too bad , since when he finally has a good speech , we are deprived of the anger i imagine was in his eyes . i agree with others , i would have worked better as a 30 minute twilight zone episode . rent it first before you buy , and save some money for a classic thriller , like psycho
books neg 149.txt the content is excellent . the digital format is largely useless . i bought the digital 5th edition to supplement my paper 4th edition . but , the digital rights management restrictions mean that i ca n't print selected pages to stick in a folder , read on the train , or scribble notes on . i ca n't even cut and paste particularly relevant bits into an electronic ' notes ' file . the onerous digital restrictions are not suitable for an academic book like this one
books neg 848.txt melrose larry green 's book is full of quotes . quotes and information used to back up points are good things . he appears to have researched by surfing the internet , watching television and legally incorporating the opinions of others . this is all fine and acceptable . the problem with " why the clintons belong in prison " is when the author ( cut and paste expert ) attempts his own narrative , which is sporadic , jumpy and poorly edited . his points are not linear , and show the author 's attention deficit . with a proper literary team , this book could have been something of note but unfortunately it feels like a " hit and run " report and reads like a one-sided sensationalized talk radio program .
dvd pos 852.txt this is a fantastic movie ! the acting is superb , and it keeps you guessing until the end . nicole kidman deserved her oscar
software pos 224.txt this is a good package for backing up your pc . fairly intuitive , although it took me a couple tries to figure out what the software was doing so i could select the right stuff to backup . it uses good compression to minimize the amount of disk for your backup . the downside of that is you ca n't just select a file to restore , you must go through the restore process . you can select a single file , but it takes a bit of time . runs automatically and unobtrusively so it wo n't interfere with your current work .
health neg 192.txt i saw that there were mixed reviews for this product before i bought it , but i decided to take a chance on it anyway . unfortunately , both balls broke their first time through the wash . my bras fell out and got squished and creased . do n't buy this ! !
health pos 430.txt i have purchased a total of 12 of these batteries ( 6 two-packs ) and i must say that they work exactly how i projected them to . they hold a charge well enough for my uses in various electronics and my infant 's papasan swing . regular duracell alkalines will keep the swing running for a few days . these batteries on a full charge almost match the alkalines ' life and i have recharged and reused many times already with no sign of charge loss . i am very pleased so far with my purchase . get these until hybrid nimh batteries in size d become easily available and cheaper
music pos 835.txt i think his debut had the best lyrics . this joint gets off to a good start with we still party and pretty much bangs till the end . his production on here is best described as " late 90 's roger troutman-esque g-funk " . geust stars like 2nd ii none , amg , suga free and el debarge get their shine on . top joints : we still party ( peter gunz and quik on the track ) quik jacks the verb song from school house rock . ( the jam ) so many wayz hand in hand you'z a ganxta ( quik refutes rumors that he was involved in biggie 's demise . also denounces reference to death in rap songs . ) i useta know her ( should be called i useta hit that ) speed medley for a ' v ' ( the p***y medley ) get 2getha again ( class of 91 , 2nd ii none , amg and quik triple team on this track . ) reprise ( medley for a ' v )
dvd neg 846.txt if you must see a cannibal film stick to cannibal holocaust . the grindhouse release is well worth the money . however the grindhouse release of ferox is just awful . the picture quality is horrendous . the movie is lacking any redeemable quality . there are a few violent moments , but just a few . one of the absolute worst italian horror / exploitation films made . if cannibal holocaust is the citizen kane of cannibal films , then ferox is the plan 9.
books neg 610.txt the novel , a northern light , by jennifer donnelly , is a very realistic portrayal of the life of a teenage farm girl , bound for a great future . jennifer donnelly relates to mattie gokey , the lead character , in a way that they bother grew up in rural side of new york . donnelly attended the university of rochester before she wrote her three novels and one children 's book . her novels include , the tea rose , the winter rose , a northern light , and a children 's book , humble pie . all of her novels include a very popular romantic theme and her book , a northern light , has also been introduced in europe under the title a gathering light . a northern light reflects a lot on the issues of wealth , education , love , and murder . the combination of those themes makes for a novel that anyone is able to read and relate to . as you read this book , you feel like the main message is the traditional clich of following your dreams no matter how hard they are to achieve . but as you read further , you realize that it 's a lot about hardships , strength and love . on the first page of the book , mattie is imagining a perfect day at the glenmore hotel before she so disappointingly tells herself , " i believe these things . with all my heart . for i am good at telling myself lies " . from this quote , you can see the type of person mattie is , and it gives a foreshadowing to the events that would take place throughout the novel . the events typically consist of let down after let down for mattie and her hopes for her future . this book is written from mattie 's point of view which really helps the reader to get to know her better . it adds a different element to the book that would n't be there if it was n't written from mattie 's point of view . it lets you get inside mattie 's head and feel the emotions that she 's dealing with along with her true thoughts and feeling towards situations . mattie is truly troubled girl who works so hard toward what she wants and yet there is always something holding her back . she 's stuck in a farming town where education is n't as important as having a prosperous farm and a family . as you read this book , you just want to tell mattie that she needs to take her own future into consideration and stop worrying long enough to have some faith . she is a selfless giver who is willing to do anything and everything to keep her family and her farm doing well . she deals with extreme guilt for wanting to leave her father after her mother died . she has to learn that the promise that she made to her mother to always take care of her family includes taking care of herself as well . royal loomis enters mattie 's life at a very unconventional time when mattie 's unsure of what she wants to become and she has to chose between his love and the life she 's always wanted . mattie deals with her teacher , miss wilcox , leaving town . miss wilcox was mattie 's role model who was living the life of an independent poet with a car and a royal lifestyle . the life mattie wants . this book is intended for a female audience because it deals with issues that sometime only a girl could understand . it 's a fairly easy read so it is more for adolescents than adults but not for young children . the issues that it deals with are issues that children may not be able to appreciate as much as teenagers who are about to go to college and leave their families . a northern light is full of valuable lessons , but most of all it 's just a good book to get lost in .
books neg 917.txt book is totally disorganized . beautiful pictures , but no way of researching values . the price list is in the back organized by lot no & auction no . no reference to the illustration of the marbles in the front of the book , no way to look it up . starts out promising , then becomes a total jumble . totally impossible to locate anything . too time consuming , and then still no resolve
camera pos 701.txt i went to ritz camera today and took a good look at the tz3. i 'll tell you , its pretty nice . the build quality is really good , as a previous person mentioned . the body is metal . the dials and buttons click with precision , and have a nice resistance . it has a nice weight to it . i took some nice shots in the store . i must have clicked off 100 pics . i 'm impressed with it . if you want something relatively small , powerful and tough , this camera is for you . the 10x zoom is great , but on such a small camera it is difficult to hold it steady enough ( at least for me ) to use the zoom too much . i love the build quality and style , so i may be biased . it 's a nice piece of equipment . i cannot speak to the photo quality only having seen pics on the camera 's lcd
camera pos 973.txt i 've had this camcorder for a week now and i think it works great .. except for the touch screen feature . that takes a little getting used to .. especially when accessing the special features ( such as fader effects ) while filming . the digital still quality is poor when recording directly to the memory stick .. but the same images taken as a still from prerecorded tape is much clearer . all in all it is a good product .. just takes some getting used to
health pos 145.txt always saw them at the mall and wanted one , it was nice to be able to get it on here and not have to search , works great ! feels wonderful ! ! ! especially when you get that headache ! ! ! , also doubles as a contemporary hat ! ! haha , love it
health pos 548.txt so far , these fit the bill . just used them for the first time- -find that they are easy to put on , and comfortable- -and better yet , do n't interfere with jewelry as they would if they hung off a chain / rope / string
software neg 832.txt i guess i 'm spoiled by the i spy games i 've purchased for my children . this game has an enormous amount of " story " ...it 's almost as bad as sitting your child in front of the television . interaction is confusing and frustrating . i 'd rate this lower but it 's clear that a lot of work went into the animation , which is top notch . i just would n't classify this as a learning game .
software pos 20.txt i really enjoy the nancy drew games . they can be done as a senior detective with fewer helps or as a junior detective with a check list of things that need to be done . the check list continues to update as you move through the game . i look forward to each new game as it comes out and ca n't leave the computer until they are done
dvd neg 187.txt i saw this crapfest in the theater and i should have known what i was getting into when we were carded not only at the ticket window , but at the entrance of the theater as well . i only gave it one star because there was n't a " no star " rating- -even though it deserves a negative rating . as a horror fan , i was intrigued at seeing the movie and as the movie started , it seemed to have alot of promise . but once we met baby and her " family " the movie went downhill at an accelerated rate . the movie was disgusting , repulsive , and made no clear sense- -at least with michael or freddie you knew what the h*ll was going on . and i thought that blood sucking freaks and blood sucking vampires from pittsburgh sucked , but corpses not only sucked , it blew . as a friend told me later , " what in the h*ll did you expect from rob zombie ? " what did i expect indeed . no wonder most production firms refused to touch this film
music neg 102.txt very possibly the worst cd i have ever heard in my life . i could barely force myself to listen until the last song was blissfully over . this is not music . it is stupid noise !
health pos 869.txt this is a great shaver . if you are in the market for one , considered the remington r-960. i am of afro-american descent and was very skeptical about buying a rotary we shaver . i had always gotten excellent results using remington shavers that were of the micro thin type to tackle the tough turf around my mug . with its ergonomic design , it was very easy to manipulate the shaver around in tough areas . i had considered purchasing that of another brand until i discovered that remington makes one and now.. . i 'm loving it
dvd neg 772.txt the no-name comedians at the beginning were funny , bea arthur killed , and the dumpy lady at the end who kept talking about how african-americans used to dig her backside but do n't any longer was funny . courtney love 's antics were amusing but grew tiresome . the rest of the roast was horrible . telling tommy lee that his genitals are the envy of barnyard animals is not an insult . and , after it 's repeated ad nauseum , it 's not funny either . has andy dick ever been funny ? kimmel ? corolla ? sarah silverman ? spade post-farley ? no . it 's as if comedy central corralled the most unfunny comedians of the past 10 years . and the bonus features are horrible . the interviewer was annoying- -even the guests seemed annoyed with her . was gilbert gottfried not available ? that guy is funny
health pos 818.txt most reviewers on this site are unenthusiastic about this particular product . i think the main reason for that level of dissatisfaction is , as someone else suggested , that people need to pay attention to how , exactly , this trimmer works . because of its design , best results are obtained when it is inserted , withdrawn , then inserted again , and the procedure repeated . second tip : rinse the rotating blade , switched on , under the hot tap to remove accumulated hair , etc , after each use . it works better when clean . the main plus of this product is its size . yes , it is flimsy , made in china , and would probably sell for $2.50 if it did n't say panasonic on it - or come with a 12-month panasonic warranty . but it works very well if you use it right and keep it clean . i have had mine a couple of years and the only problem is that the blade is now dull and replacement blades are apparently not available
health pos 352.txt i got this product when the price dropped down to $12. so for that price i liked this product a lot . it heats the lotion well . initially i thought it was small , but now i think it is the correct size . i did not realize how much better it is to apply heated lotion until this . i switch it on when i go for a bath and by the time i am back , the lotion is ready and warm . it is a great buy , and for all you bargain shoppers , wait till the price drops . it is especially a great buy during winter
software pos 517.txt heard other poster said v10 has been available , so searched and found it is true . v10 is available at the maker 's web site at the same price as that of v9 sold here . btw , i planed but have n't buy the product yet . but i have to assign a star number in order to post this message
software pos 980.txt **things i liked about the program it supports importing ojb files , that i make in different modeling programs the walking path editor works not too bad for simulated walking and the rigs have good looking emontions when you moves there face features **what i found to be not so good the tabs such as the library and keyframe bar are kind of hidden on the side because of his small they are . i find the slection tool in the hair room to be alittle bit annoying when trying to grow dynamic hair groups . i most of the time end up growing hair on too many facets . the control points are too senative , they end up twisting the body in un-natrual forms . the rendering takes a very long , and the rendering shader doesent always save my settings . i end up transporting the animation to another program to render faster . some of the cloths i cant set them up to be childern to the body parts so they end up not being connected to anything . i 'm sure there more on my mind by i dont have much time to write up an review . just keep in mind 3d animation isnt perfectly easy . a good modeling programs to make obj files will go a long way .
books pos 373.txt this was by far the best genero / kenzie novel of the series . i loved this book . everything about it . in this one , you really got to see the emotional side of bubba . made him more likeable . the storyline kept me riveted and not wanting to put the book down . i was happy to see angie and patrick back together . the ending was very good and left you thinking the character could possibly come back in a future book . i 'm scratching my head wondering why this was the last book of the series and why lehane has n't published another . it 's been 5 years . i will be watching for it
books pos 798.txt i would recomend this book to anyone , it is fantastic and funny . it made me laugh . it really took my imagination on an adventure . you really need to read this book .
books pos 738.txt as a social work psychotherapist , i recommend this book highly and with great confidence . i have a number of people i see individually or via phone consultation and have recommended they purchase this book as adjunct to the work we do together . peter understands and explains well the relationship between our emotional attachments and the " thhings " we collect . great insight and recommended
books neg 744.txt herf applies a very simplistic test to determine the nazification of both germanies : did they side with israel in the middle east version of the cold war or did they not ? the trial against paul merker in the east , which had as its background east germany 's reluctance to pay reparations to expropriated jews , serves as his prime evidence for the continuation of things nazi in the gdr . but both of these arguments completely ignore the marxist ideology underlieing the rationale of the east german leadership and bypass more complicated issues of political allegiance . moreover , they totally eclipse the east german cultural discourse on the holocaust , a discourse that was decades ahead of discussions in the west and still proves to be more sophisticated than most that is being written in western academia .
software pos 260.txt i 've only just begun using this software , but have not found it to be so easy to use for a novice at film editing or to make a slideshow . i would have liked to have seen better and more tutorials . i find the tutorial confusing . so far i have been able find most of the answers to my questions through the help section , but it just is n't as straight forward as i would have liked . i purchased this b / c it was rated so high by pc magazine . i 'm sure in time i 'll learn the software better , but it just seems more challenging and not as easy to learn as most sofware i have taught myself to use .
health pos 629.txt when my baby was a newborn we left our closet light on all night at first so we could check on him . it was also a jarring necessity to turn on the overhead light for diaper changes and feedings . then i bought one of these lights and was impressed at the perfect amount of light it gives out . just enough to see your baby by , but not enough to keep everyone awake . it 's been almost a year now , and i 'm just about to purchase two more . we use the light now in our toddler 's room and turning it on is now part of our bedtime routine . we use it every night
software neg 366.txt office 2007 may seem ok at first . the menus are all ok for me to use , so i do n't have to build menus from scratch . but after installing the trial , i found numerous complaints that would make me want to trash it if i had it . 1 ) word does n't want to integrate with outlook very well 2 ) everytime i want to send a mail message i accidentally click on ' paste ' 3 ) the flags and categories for outlook are annoying and just add to the time spent administering email without helping me more than outlook 2003 4 ) along with all of the other microsoft products i 've tried in the past month , it hangs , corrupts its own files , and generally takes up too much memory . i 'll stick with office 2003 , which does n't have nearly as many flaws . there is no reason for me to upgrade . i 'm also back to ie6 , money 2006 , and will not upgrade to vista . i 've lost volumes of emails because i ca n't downgrade my outlook files . good job in alienating your customers , microsoft . ( so what 's new ?
camera neg 168.txt the camera worked perfectly for one week and then stopped working permanently . i just sent it off for repairs and have not received a diagnosis as to the root of the problem
camera pos 366.txt i honestly do n't see why people would give this camera less than 4 stars . the moment i got it , i was delighted with the quality of the pictures ( except in very dark places - which is why the review gets minus 1 star ) , and by its portability . i 've dropped it , abused it , took it to countless parties , countries and it is now full of scratches and bumps ( get the camera case ! ) , and guess what : it still works as perfectly as the first day i got it . this little piece of technology is amazing , so if you 're looking for something affordable and with a great picture quality ( for us amateurs , of course ) just go for it . actually , i even took quite a few gorgeous pictures with it . i even love it and rely on it so much that i wo n't change it even now that it looks all messed up . do n't think twice . just go for it
dvd neg 342.txt i discarded the dvd after watching it . if you do not want to have the impression of witchcraft in your home do n't buy this version of the secret garden .
health pos 915.txt i bought this item for my husband for christmas . he has hip and knee problems so sleeping comfortably sometimes can be an issue for him . we use these pillows everyday sitting up watching tv and he uses the head and knee wedges while he sleeps . the only downfall now is that he sleeps so good he snores !
software neg 112.txt i agree with others who said it crashes the system . overall , i found ss6 pro had more problems than it was worth- -even if it were free , it 's not worth all the time and effort . besides all the crashes , downloading the virus / spyware updates via dialup takes forever ! each download runs 1 to 1 1 / 2 hours . be forewarned . in the end , i returned my copy to vcom , though to date i have not yet received a refund
dvd neg 349.txt man did i want to like this movie . hackman is the best and the possibility of finding a mid-70s gem was really tantalizing , but...this film is really , really mediocre . first we have sub-plot city going on , bad mid life crisis stuff with susan clark and hackman " trying to communicate " about their failing relationship . it 's tough on hackmans character " harry " see ' cause he used to be an nfl player and now he 's reduced to being a private eye , she hates it , he does not want to give it up and everyone concerned gets a bad speech . do n't get me wrong , this is no " megaforce " , where the film is so bad it becomes campy and actually enjoyable . this is just...mediocre . buy " harper " with paul newman instead
camera neg 526.txt bought the camera , charger and the kit as part of the deal . every thing looks good except the missing npf-50 battery . requested for a replacement . in the replacement kit also battery was missing . returned both the items . 59.99 for a carry bag and 3 dvd sis not worth buying this item
books neg 852.txt a useful book that provides a good summary comparing differing accounting standards and approaches between countries . however , it is not worth the price . it is supposedly written for later year undergraduate and masters accounting students . it is more suitable for general second year accounting students . plus , as i am working with a multinational european bank in japan , the book is , rapidly becoming , out of date . there is none of the simply but incisive commentary which can be found in other books about the differences and outcomes of general accounting principals drawn from different countries
health pos 159.txt great enginering , design and craftmanship ; works great every day ; but i had to throw away a travel size " waterpick " after 18 months , because it is impossible to obtain a replacement hose assembly from the manufacturer or anywhere else . it does n't make any sense to supply an irreplaceable disposable part , on an equipment designed to outlast it three times
dvd neg 835.txt agree that it was beautifully filmed , but... . there must have been a great deal lost in the translation
health neg 417.txt it looks cool and i ordered one . it turns out a bad choice . the product is totally ineffective . do not buy this unless you want to end up returning it like me
books pos 285.txt having spent time negotiating sports sponsorship contracts , i have a new found love for negotiating . in reading this book , the authors have laid out a clear and concise program in which to begin , work through and close negotiatings . a great book for beginners and a good brush up for intermediates and pros
dvd neg 340.txt uhmm....yah.. . this is a low budget " film " , but low budget doesnt mean it has to suck . i 've seen tons of low budget films that were absolutely beautiful pieces of art . it 's impossible to even figure out where to start in reviewing sideline secrets ; for even untrained actors this is bad , it seemed that the voices were completely dubbed like in an old japanese movie , and i think i even saw someone moving in the background in the supposedly tense office scene when there was n't supposed to be someone in the backgroung . i will give whomever a tiny bit of credit though for turning a livingroom & a garage into what was supposed to be a club - and at the end of the home movie , i was pleasantly surprised to see the gogo dancer was actually attractive ( quite so too ! ) as opposed to the rest of the young cast in this trying ever-so-hard to be a soft-core porn\thriller . in all seriousness , this thing gave me a horrible migraine . if you are stupid enough to actually buy this ( thankfully my roommate rented it ) invest in either a bottle of advil or a sledge hammer - you 'll want to use both on your head after the first 20 mins.. .
health neg 146.txt it looks alot better than it works . very bad vibrations
dvd pos 21.txt the print looks like you 're watching it through muddy water ; is this something to do with the unclear " public domain " status of this and other of capra 's works ? does n't he have a family that could help out his dvds the way that chaplin 's family has done , or even , to use the opposite extreme , the family of edgar ulmer , who have released superlative versions of some pretty dicey movies ? the point is that if people are paying for something they deserve to get it served up nice , and all the various dvds of meet john doe are painful to watch . we 've heard for years of the re-worked ending of the film , and that another one exists ( or existed at one time ) . bring it on ! for now the pleasure is nearly entirely in watching gary cooper react to barbara stanwyck 's pure life . it 's sort of like ball of fire but a bit more subtle . moviemakers knew they were on to agood thing teaming the two , because cooper 's slow-moving , nearly snakelike screen presence got an injection of caffeine when placed next to stanwyck 's vibrant beauty and her gorgeous clear gaze and complexion . she does n't even have to speak , she emanates something very basic in her bones and her posture . okay , the movie writes itself into a corner , for what else is going to happen except that if gary cooper is not going to kill himself the movie will break the trust it 's established with the viewers . this has always been doe 's problem , that it has to cheat to come out ahead of itself , and it did n't work in 1943 and it still is n't working now . it 's great up until about an hour and fifteen minutes ; then you feel the gears start to whine and complain as " hollywood " tries to solve a basically philosophical dilemma
health pos 831.txt this was my first purchase of seventh generation products and it wo n't be my last one . i was very impressed with the cleaning and it is just as good as those not so earth friendly competitors . i feel good using their products and have also ordered their fabric softner , dishwasher liquid , dishwashing liquid , bleach , paper towels , and toilet paper . i 'm not a treehugger but do care about my environment and feel a duty to make earth a better place to be
camera pos 776.txt works better than i could have hoped . i have used it for about a month and it is very simple to execute - - but you have to be able to hold somewhat steady which is not a problem for me . if you are someone who has the shakes - - may be a problem . i have compared the accuracy to gps devices with guys playing with me . this is better since it gives you the actual yardage to the pin . also , you can get yardage to another golfer in the field , and yardage to any object , bunker , tree etc. , which the gps can't . a lot of courses are not marked correctly , and , of course , yardage changes depending on how far off to the side of the fairway - - or even out of the fairway - - you are . this is where it is especially nice . there are times when without this device you are just flat out guessing . this is an awesome piece of technology . it was well worth the price for me .
music pos 995.txt this is a glorious recording of one of the most lyrical , haunting scores ever composed for a film . each succeeding track is a treat for the ears , refreshing and invigorating . neeley and varese sarabande should be congratulated for recording and releasing this hirtherto neglected gem . in my opinion , though , the only part of the entire cd that does n't work is the beginning of the " waxworks " track - the score to this particular moment in the film ( when norma , watching herself onscreen , rises triumphantly to proclaim " i 'll be up there again , so help me ! " ) is one of the most powerful and recognizable images in filmdom . in the original , the music is strong , powerful and almost spine-tingling , but this moment on the cd is underwhelming and not fully realized . however , what is one misfire ( totalling all of eight bars , at most ) compared to the richness and texture of the rest of the recording ? ! in short , if you love film music , you most likely love the score to sunset boulevard - and if you love sunset boulevard , then you will most likely love this recording , too
music neg 562.txt this album is waaay too deep and self-indulgent for my taste . being a huge alan parsons fan , it pains me to have to say this , but this was almost a total waste of vinyl , energy and money
dvd neg 33.txt i was pleased at the methods used to train your dogs from puppy to mature dogs . it covers several different styles of training , clicker and others . i would highly recommend it as a excellent resource in your inventory of training methods . i am using it on my 9 week old rat terrier and he will fetch , come sit and down with a little help and yes even shake hands
camera pos 578.txt sony continues to exhibit the highest quality in their product design and manufacturing process . this case is very slim , compact , well made , and has a very luxurious feel to it . it completely enhances the look and attractiveness of the sony camera it is designed to hold
dvd neg 189.txt wedding crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself , wo n't enjoy . two womanizers fall in love , one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin , like first off , what does virginity have to do with love ? & second , who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin ? & then owen wilson 's character fall in love with rachel 's mcadams character and well , that 's the usual predictable romance plot . the problem with this film is it 's not that funny . it seems to think it 's better then it is . i do n't think i hardly laughed during this film . the part about the " supposive " gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course , because it 's this kind of film , he ends up being gay and of course , he tries to hit on vince vaughn 's character in a scene that is beyond creepy . lets just say that " gay " guy is prob one of the worst actors i 've seen . & then we get a cameo from will ferrell , alot of people i know find this guy " so " funny . but i do n't get it . it just was n't funny to me . u know , i loved the classic , " american pie " that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy ! this film was n't so much funny as stupid . & for the most part , i 'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it 's just an average film
health neg 842.txt as others experienced , both packs each had two dead batteries in them . i am even using the juice family charger , so it is n't a brand problem . the packaging was a little beat up as well as if they were sitting around for a long time . sort of dirty . also purchased d batteries as well and that packaging was worse . hard to knock the fact they are made in china because let 's admit it , pretty much everything you buy is made in china . the problem is the poor quality control from the company juice battery themselves . these are actually ok batteries if they work , but not worth the price especially when taking the chance on whether they will arrive beat up or doa . even though still most likely made in china , stick to the main well-known brands insread of this junk
music pos 324.txt o.g. ron c did a good job screwin ' & choopin' . he really gave the rest of tha u.s. a taste of texas ( tha lone star state ) . tha best time to listen to any screwed & chopped music [swishahouse , chamillitary , d.s.r. ( dirty south rydaz ) ] is you are throwed ( drunk ) off that syrup . this was a good thing that o.g. ron c did , choppin ' boyz up & not sloppin ' boyz up. chamillitary man ! !
books neg 394.txt definitely not one of his best ! slow slow slow.. . but at least this character had some realistic difficulty learning a foreign language , unlike the hero of " the partner " who learned a little known spanish dialect perfectly by sitting in a hotel room listening to cassette tapes for 2 weeks
software neg 72.txt i used easy creator 4 for years . bought new computers so bought easy creator 6. it will not work on 2 e-machines with xp . it wipes out cd rom drive so that it is unusable . i requested tech support 6 / 12 / 06. it 's 7 / 15 / 06 and i am still waiting . i uninstalled it . i found easy creator 5 platinum on amazon and ordered it . it works
books neg 599.txt i was interested in dante 's thoughts on hell , religion , and the afterlife as taught by the catholic church at the time of its writing . what i got was a detailed political history of medieval italy . this book is great for the first few chapters , but then it becomes a repetitive saga . synopsis of the each chapter of the inferno : go to next layer of hell ; describe in 20 words or less the torture found there ; make fun of some political opponents , catholic church officials , and so forth ; prepare for further descent . in my opinion , this book resides somewhere between the 21st and 22nd layers of hell . canto three pretty much has it right... . ' leave all hope , ye that enter
software neg 303.txt i bought omnipage 15 yesterday morning as a download , and have been trying to activate it ever since . after several calls to customer service , forty minutes on hold to speak with a tech rep ( who emailed me two links that do n't open ) , i 'm no closer to being able to use this program . it seemed to work okay in the few intro uses allowed before you had to activate to continue , but even then it kept wanting to reload with every page i scanned in . the product might be a good one- -i 'm not a fair judge of that- -if only you can get it to work . as others have pointed out , tech support is expensive . if my experience is any measure , it 's also worthless . customer service is unresponsive , unpleasant , and unprofessional . in one call to customer service , i was asked if i typed the letters in the serial number as capitals and the o 's as zeroes . when assured that i had , several times , she replied , " then i ca n't help you- -call the tech department , " and abruptly hung up . to add irritation to insult , in the forty minutes i was on hold with the tech department , i listened to repeated assurances that a " reepersentative " would be with me shortly . not recommended .
books pos 384.txt it seems as if it is impossible for a.s byatt to write a bad or even a mediocre story . after this novel , she is one of my new absolute favorites and i have vowed to read everything this amazing author has written . i began to read the virgin in the garden , and could not put it down . i was enraptured by the beautiful descriptions of the two contrasting " elizabethian ages " and the characters . frederica has to be one of the most despicable , and yet intriguing literary characters in years . my breath was also taken away by the story of marcus potter- -a haunting , amazing character that will stay with you for days . the way byatt writes , she transports you to 1950s england and the lives of the potters . i felt as if i knew these characters like family , and could almost sit down to lunch with them by the end of the book . her style , timing , and subtle metaphors of passion and life are irresistible and amazing . this is truly a writer who will stand the test of time to become an icon in the likes of the brontes , jane austen , and kate chopin . i cannot wait to share this book with everyone i know . highly , highly reccomended . go to the bookstore or your local library , ignore the new glossy bestsellers that try and cheat you out of your money and instead pick up this gorgeous , powerful read that new authors cannot hold a candle to .
health pos 602.txt looking for something small and portable ? this is perfec
books neg 109.txt though the concept of sharing real life problems experienced during pregnancy is a great one , the author is extremely biased toward hospital birth managed by obs . at one point , the author actually defends episiotomies.. . she seems to blindly accept every procedure her physician pushes upon her , and she looks at him as being responcible for the outcome of her birth . it was both infuriating and saddening . if you are looking for a book to make you laugh a little , this is cute . if you are looking for a book that might actually aid or assist you in making informed choices concerning your pregnancy or birth , this is not for you !
health pos 577.txt i appreciate the gentle , yet powerful cleaning of all free clear allergen detergent . i have an infant & find this cleans her clothes & ours well without leaving any harsh irritants , so it 's easier to do the family 's laundry all together
dvd pos 468.txt this is the only movie that i really like , made by woody allen , but is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen .
music pos 691.txt no diggity was a monster hit in 1996. if you love this album you will also love michael jackson 's dangerous , which was also co-produced with teddy riley , the lead singer of blackstreet
music neg 849.txt the fact that this has had no us release was an immediate warning .... however as a longtime fan i figured i would check it out . boy is this bad . there are a few decent tracks , however the truly awful " crazy little thing called love " , " this magic moment " , " only you " - among many others - make this unlistenable . miss ross is a great singer and interpeter - check out the delicacy she approached the billie holliday material . she is a producer 's singer : ashford and simpson , chic , holland dozier holland - even hall & oates - all were able to take her talent and create - in some cases - true all time classics . this is a mess . diana , your voice still sounds great - stop executive producing your projects
dvd neg 306.txt well you know the drill . some people will like anything that is " artsy " or " out of the ordinary " or " made by that great director " . its a different kind of herd but a herd nevertheless . the movie is about incest . it is about sex and adolescence . and , ironically , it is some kind of a parody of the very crowd that is giving this movie rave reviews . the best part of this movie is eva green . or , more precisely , eva green 's body . i did n't care about her acting ( i thought it was mediocre ) . i just sat there and drunk her body in , wishing that i was that lucky actor ( whats his name again ? ) . the only reason to watch this movie is eva green . if she was indeed exploited by the elderly director with an intimidating reputation , then i am glad it happened . the movie is visually rich . in fact , its so rich that bertolucci seems to be masturbating his sensibilities for us all to see . but i will take it . he captures and celebrates eve green 's stunning body - every square millimeter of it ( including her genitals - the movie is nc17 for a reason ) , to perfection . other than that , there is nothing else in the movie . the story is utterly insipid , the old movie clips , the " discussion " of morality or whatever ... nothing interesting . the music is another plus point . bottomline , watch it for eva green 's body . it deserves five stars . but the movie deserves only two
books pos 797.txt i learned more about human resource methodology in corporations from each chapter . great summaries about corporations in the public eye . good case history and citing of heuristics for running any good learning organization . you learn the basics for management 2000. my professor used this book for the university of phoenix . i really enjoyed learning about the various theories and paradigms for modern managers . i found the case histories useful for analysis and my papers . a book for the future cio 's , ceo 's and hr directors within us all
software pos 536.txt great product . i am in the graphic arts field and corel now works easier with adobe products
books neg 27.txt i admit , i have n't finished this book . a friend recommended it to me as i have been having problems with insomnia . i was interested in reading a book about women 's health issues and this one sounded intriguing until she started in with her tarot cards , interest in astrology and angels . granted , i am not a firm believer in just " the hard facts " but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense is n't alternative enough for her !
books pos 123.txt nine months ago i was hired to help turnaround a once successful business . from day one i realized that this was a company without focus . it 's one thing to define a problem , another to find a solution . haneberg 's book was a shot in the arm . just one concept - - " stop multitasking " - - would have been a major breakthrough for my team . and , personally , the idea of doing " one great thing " has completely revitalized my approach to a huge job . this book immediately rose to the rank of three or four " must read " titles in my business library . in the couple of months since i first read it ( and i 've re-read it a couple of times ) our department has moved far away from the reactive mode that drove decisions - - we 're nailing deadlines , we 're closing more sales , we 're thinking more strategically across the board . in a business and social environment that throws more at us day-by-day , hour-by-hour , this book is even more important than it would have been just a few years ago . we 're all doing more with less - - and this is a book that has helped me see order amid the chaos of conflicting priorities . if it 's true , as woody allen says , that 98% of success is showing up , then the other 2% is knowing how to keep your eye on the ball once you get there . this is the manual for getting your business - - and your life - - where you want it to be
camera neg 381.txt the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck
camera pos 875.txt the housing worked great . took it to 80ft scuba diving and with the flash on the colors came out ok . no leaks and access to all functions a plus .
health pos 27.txt my baby is 12 moth now and she uses the pampers cruisers ( size 3 ) from 4-month-old . it is soft and my baby never have " rush " with it . my whole family love this diapers .
music pos 103.txt i 'm just starting to become a true fan of pigpen . earlier , i just did n't get him and i would constantly skip forward to more of the gd extended jams . lately , i 've started to get what he was all about and what made him such an important part of the early dead shows . i 'm glad i picked up this set . it 's pigpen 's night and we should all be happy for this nice memory . pick it up . note : the rest of the band has some fine moments too ! !
books pos 150.txt the sunday philosophy club , and the other 2 titles in this series by john mccall smith , are everything the fans of mme ramotswe would hope they would be . leaving botswana was hard , but now we are in edinborough scotland , and isabelle dalhousie is as wise and vulnerable and real and wonderful as her african predecessor . it is a miracle that a man can write his women characters so believably and so lovably . it is another miracle that anyone can write such absorbing , cozy , engrossing books . this is good literature and good fun . the sunday philosophy club along with friends , lovers , chocolate , and the more recent the right attitude toward rain , are too wonderful to miss . welcome to scotland
camera neg 307.txt when i tried to install the software , my antivirus said it was infected . i tried to install on a different machine with a different antivirus program and got the same result . i e-mailed celestron over a week ago and no reply .
camera pos 925.txt i am in love with this camera . the shutterspeed is awesome , the quality of pictures is awesome , and the shake reduction feature is awesome ! ! i would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a great camera !
health neg 54.txt what a disappointment ! the device just was n't predictable . sometimes it would do as expected , sometimes not . it was just a crapshoot . finally unplugged it and it 's in a drawer somewhere . yes , i played with the sensitivity with no success . getting up to turn lights on and off was far less effort and aggravation than trying to convince the clapper to do its thing . save your money and look elsewhere
health neg 172.txt as far as i can tell , even after following directions to the letter , i found the readings to be wildly inaccurate . for example , in the morning i got a reading of 89 over 79. in the afternoon it was 188 over 155. then a bit later it was 155 over 150 , nearly a flat line indicating death . at my doctor 's the reading was a very normal 118 over 78. it 's a wonder this little machine did n't cause me to keel over just from shock . i do n't recommend it to anyone . mine is on its way back to amazon
dvd pos 539.txt this is a beautifully orchestrated tale about the delightful absurdity in all human endeavor . it is also a story of cross-cultural misunderstanding of the highest order . kinsky was a madman in the film and in real life and therefore perfect for the part . the scene of the steam ship spinning out of control in that waterfall is one of the memorable in the history of the cinema . the cinematography and editing are a masterpiece . unforgettable
music pos 586.txt if you like beatles , monkees and the who , then you will like the group that is better than all of them ; the rascals ! " lonely too long " is a sad rock pop painful staple in your 60 's elbow...it hurts...then theres all this other good sh*** here...and i do n't mean groovin ! the harmonys and the killer keyboards and tight drumming in these little pop angry yet cheerful nuggets is where its at ! ...i can remember listening to the rascals intermitently with black sabbath and the stooges...and i realised that above all...i liked my rascals record the most back in 1987 up in that cold lonely bel air gardening cabode ! also known at times as ' the young rascals ' but to me...this band will always be the one from way back in childhood that got me listening to queen and the who later on........its hard to say that they are underrated since in any given conversation , you realise the rascals get tone of respect and people will take over and talk about them ; five stars...buy this thing
software pos 290.txt no brainer . easy to use . good value .
dvd neg 85.txt there are certainly some memorable scenes in this film , but as a whole it just did n't quite work for me . vlastimil brodsky is indeed a talented and endearing actor but spends the whole film playing the same stock character : fanda , a maddening yet adorable grandpa , oh-so-young-at-heart , oh-so-mischievious and impish , but somehow oh-so-good-hearted and harmless that you ca n't help loving him warts and all . in fact , that 's one of the fatal flaws of this movie : the lack of any dark side to any of the characters . they 're all basically harmless walt disney types , even the bumbling and self-absorbed son . there are no real consequences to brodsky 's actions other than stella ( his wife ) finally talking divorce but it 's obvious almost as soon as the words are out of her mouth that she 'll come back to him . there is no center , no force or dynamic power in this film- --it 's like a limp wine that you tolerate because you do n't want to hurt the feelings of your host . the ending also relies on another lazy device , the virtual deux ex machina in the person of stella suddenly transforming into a spirited accomplice / supporter of fanda 's when she sees that his attempt at self-reform is only making him miserable . this film might 've been much more effective and poignant had it spent more time dealing with fanda 's desperate fear and avoidance of dealing with old age and death , instead of focusing on how clever , audacious and adorable of an elderly madcap he is , which makes much of the film reek not only of kitsch but even worse , narcissism . one wonders if the director was just so awestruck at the chance to work with mr. brodsky , who is a towering figure among czech actors , that he decided to turn the film into a bit of a hagiography of him . a more accurate title for this movie , especially given the ludicrous ending shot as the credits roll , might be : " the fantasy life of a poor old man . "
books neg 835.txt do you feel different from people around you ? do they resent your ingenuity ? have you been kept from achieving your full potential by tradition-bound brutes who live only for base needs ? do you long for the company of others like yourself , who , tragically but inevitably , are biologically destined to wipe these shorter , darker subhumans from the face of the earth ? congratulations ! you are either in the aryan nations or the clan of the cave bear fan club , possibly both ! ( i exaggerate - you could be a nineteenth century english settler in australia , or a boer in south africa , or maybe you just like larry niven , but that 's beside the point ) i can forgive auel for the historical inaccuracies in the book . in the late 1970 's when she did her research , we did n't have the genomic tools to reconstruct the lives of neanderthals , and even now enough controversy persists to keep the discussion page lively over at wikipedia . ultimately we 'll never know for sure what the paleolithic was like , and auel 's is if nothing else a vivacious fictional suggestion . similarly , her bloated , almost puffy writing style is excusable in a first-time author , though one wonders what parasite infected her editor . i have n't read her more recent works , but i imagine she has probably improved . even with the pendulous sentences clan is not unreadable . what infuriates me is the casually racist subtext of the story , nowhere critiqued or even acknowledged . the story reads like a near-literal historicization of helena blavatsky 's secret doctrine on the fall of the " aryans " - who interbred with " subhumans " introducing the world to , oh i dunno , domination by the unworthy , blind tradition , suppression of the individual , all the hallmarks of the book 's neanderthal culture . of course , even in this the blond-haired blue-eyed ayla is innocent , overpowered by a brutish thug . against this master narrative , all the admittedly interesting side notes about plant-based medicine and flintknapping make no impression . i would recommend anyone interested in paleontology take a trip to a museum or cruise the internet , and give auel 's books a wide berth . also ? enough rape scenes already
camera pos 155.txt easy , fast and serius tool , for cleaning your optics . the easy use is discribe in the manual that is very clear to understand . cleaning is fast with the nikon lens pen , cuase it has the necesary to do the job well done , as any profesional tool . now i have 2 of them , for my two camera bags .
software neg 488.txt it seems that all previous quickbook versions will not run on windows vista and i had upgraded my system . so , i bought simple start as the least expensive way to get a quickbook product to run on vista . turns out simple start runs fine on vista but you cannot load a company file from earlier versions . thus , simple start was simply useless to me . when i called intuit customer service they said that for another $100 they 'd give me a license number that would unlock that feature . by that time i was committed and had no choice . talk about getting ripped off ! !
software neg 198.txt i am extremelly disappointed with roxio , the makers of cd creators ; especailly easy cd creator 5. i purchased easy cd creator 5 , sometime back from an affiliate of amazon.com . it was dispatched promptly and in very good condition . i installed it on my computer running windows 98. after some initial problmes it was running fine . a few days back i installed windows xp professional on my computer , and i got a message that the cd creator was not compatible with this version of windows . it hinted to contact roxio . i tried contact roxio with the help of the link , but found it impossible to send them my message . they have an automated " roxann " that is so difficult to understand . next they invite you to a " webticket " and you are supposed to mention your problem on it . but when you submit your query or complain , nothing happens . the site just stares at you dumbly ! ! there is no way to obtain roxio 's mailing address either . so now i am stuck with this " easy cd creator 5 " with no help from roxio ?
camera pos 187.txt the item was exactly as expected . the packaging for shipment , along with the other item i ordered , was unacceptable . a child could have done better
books pos 314.txt this was one of my first books to really read through . i fell in love with it at once and i could n't stop reading it . it is brilliant writing ! you can easily imagine everything dahl writes as fact . i will always hold roald dahl in my heart as the person who set my reading heart on fire , and i have been an avid reader ever since ! i still pull this book off the shelf and read it every couple of years . i am 21 and i still am enthralled with it . i now look for other books that he has written and still love his stuff . i will always be a fan , and you should be too , starting with this one ! a great book - for all ages
dvd neg 270.txt here we have what has to be one of the most mind bogglingly boring movies ever made ! i could n't believe what i was watching ! moreover , i am aghast that this film garnered some acclaim and that some reviewers on these pages even saw fit to award this dreck with an unbelievable four and five star rating . what is going on ? is it me or them that has totally lost the plot of what movies are supposed to be all about ? am i naive to think that movies should first and foremost entertain ? where oh where was the entertainment in this lame effort of a film with its unsteady shaky comera work , hamfisted confusing screenplay lacking energy and inventiveness and the cloying performance of modern cinema 's most tedious and overrated sleep inducing actor ralph fiennes ? how i long for the good old days when we had great movies with great actors from great writers and great directors and which achieved what they set out to do - entertain.sadly with the emergence of such a travesty as " the constant gardener " it appears that we unfortunate " real " film lovers are in for a dismal viewing future .
health pos 906.txt i have been using this stuff regularly for about 10 months post workout & for meal replacement to keep up protein intake . i read alot about mixing whey with coconut water & that is how i have been taking it ( blended with a couple ice cubes ) . if you like strawberry shakes this will be really easy for you to take , i do & i actually look forward to the shake
books neg 76.txt just wanted to quickly say i have n't finished it yet , i am only on page 20 but already this book seems very overrated . the author dives straight in talking about going beyond the five senses to achieve spiritual consciousness , but this is nothing new and we are not even given any background on how the author developed his views . instead , he strides arrogantly forward as though he is the ultimate , conclusive authority on spirituality , and it 's very aloof and , actually , not an enlightened approach at all ! i 've just started the chapter on karma and it 's really starting to smell like just another mish mash of other people 's opinions clothed as quasi-originality . it looks like i 'm going to continue reading with a very cautious , vetting attitude toward the text . the fact that this was a bestseller only serves to show how genuinely interested people are to develop their spiritual consciousness - and how easily authors such as zukav can cash in on their hopes and fears . hey , that 's the material world for you !
books neg 39.txt first of all , i did not exactly ' read ' this biography . instead i purchased the cd version which i distilled via my car sound system every morning on my way to work ( i have enjoyed countless biographies of great american figures this way , and still been able to read many more technology related books ) . i had great expectations from this book , having recently enjoyed three biographies of lincoln . i have to confess that i was sorely disapointed . i found the research of mr mccullough to lack the kind of details that i have enjoyed in biographies from walter isaacson , richard carwardine , or doris goodwin . i do not seek a beautiful story in a biography , but rather a reliable source of facts that i can use to form my own opinion of a character . in this context , i find mr mccullough 's use of superlatives or long emotionally charged sentences to be a distraction from the subject matter of john adams and his contribution to america . i also enjoy direct quotes from letters , speaches , autobiographies , as they help me refine my impressions of the context ( the period , the relationships to contemporary characters , ... ) surounding a promonent figure . usage of the english language in politics has dramatically evolved since mr adams ' time , and i missed ' hearing ' the voice of john adams . instead , this biography felt like reading a translation where the personality of the translator overshadows the personality of the original author . finally , having read other biographies of the founding fathers , i was disapointed to find so little about the complex relationship between adams and franklin . all in all , my lasting impression is that mr mccullough did a great job at bringing john adams and the early american revolution to the masses through a very appealling product that may however leave readers asking for more historical details and less emotional opinions . had i known that , i might have passed on this biography and instead explore mr mccullough 's fictional work
camera neg 472.txt the manufacturer apparently states this case is compatible with the panasonic fz1 ( and by extension the fz3 which has an identical body ) . i bought it and can report that it is not compatible with the fz1. with just the lens cap on you have to jam it into the bag sideways and then wrestle with the camera to get it back out . if you prefer to use the camera with the lens hood adapter on the camera ca n't fit in the bag at all . there 's also no padding to speak of with this case . by comparison my lowe case for my canon eos elan provides a secure , padded repository and you can put the camera in lens down with the strap on top so the camera can easily be withdrawn again . targus makes decent laptop cases , but they have a great deal to learn about camera cases apparently . apparently it does fit some cameras , just not the panasonic fzs . considering the product is made in china one should be able to expect a bit more at this price
health neg 221.txt maybe it 's my own fault , but i did n't get that from the product description . it 's a weensy little thing for using on your desk at work or taking with you on business trips ; in my apartment it barely lasts through one night . it 's also really noisy . i am probably comparing to my last ( normal sized ) humidifier ( a vicks something or other , no longer available ) which was great and lasted 3 years , until hard water built up too much limescale.. . i would have cleaned more if i 'd have realized how hard it is to find one to replace it
camera neg 960.txt i purchased 2 of these cameras and both of them came with a usb charging cradle that would not work . this is terrible , terrible quality control and i will never trust another casio product .
dvd neg 829.txt a star is born is a disturbing film for all the wrong reasons . by failing to get the audience to sympathize with a movie star 's tragic downfall , the film displays a schizophrenic quality . there is almost a breakdown in the relationship between the audience and what happens on screen . this is in no part due to the performances by the lead actors ; it 's the nature of the material itself . perhaps if we were to see the james mason character as a likeable star before failure and booze drain away his ambition and reason for living , the audience would understand what the garland character sees in him and we could sympathize with both characters . instead , we see garland 's character despairing over a not very likeable washed-up drunk and we 're left feeling as empty as the film itself
camera pos 547.txt i purchased this camera as a replacement for canon optura 20 which was dropped and when estimate for repair exceeded price of this camera , i decided to move on . after using dcr-hc28 for several weeks , i believe this is a very neat package . overall , i am very satisfied with this camera . one of the first things that i noticed is that color representation in low light conditions is much more accurate than that of canon . i grew accustomed to adjusting optura 's white balance indoor in order to get accurate color tones . now i am finding , that automatic settings work just fine and , in fact , i did n't have a reason to play with presets as of yet . this camera is more of a " point and shoot " type than canon . it provides you with manual controls , but they are not easily accessible . still , i have not found a reason to mess with these . besides , for those , who would claim that manual settings are necessary for advanced / professional type of filming , i would point to the price tag and ask where and when did they last see an advanced / professional camera for under $300 ? this camera is also about half the size of canon and combined with low price and weight , produces a package that i can drag with me while going to the beach , bicycling , hiking , etc and not having to worry about ruining expensive piece of electronic gear , as was the case with my optura which , at the time when i bought it , cost me about 2.5 times of what i paid for sony . so far , i 've used this camera in about all of the lighting conditions that i would expect to ever having to consider . i have no complaints about its performance . picture seems to be sharply focused and color tones are correct . focus is fast enough to keep up with little kids or to shoot some sports / action . sound quality of the microphone is quiet acceptable . there seems to be very little noise from drive motor and it is not picked up by the mic so it is not transferred to your recording . all of the essential controls and menus are within easy reach . there are few negative points that prevent me from giving this camera 5-star rating . lack of any kind of accessory shoe or external microphone input is a drawback . it would be nice to have these , as it would increase range of conditions under which one can use it . still , among my friends , who actually have a camcorder , about 90% do n't own an accessory light or external microphone , so if it was possible to lower camera cost by omitting these features , it is not a criminal move on part of sony . the lcd display could have been a bit larger and it would not hurt if sony would provide it with more freedom of motion - it only swings out to 90 degree angle and in certain situations it is a limiting factor .
books pos 235.txt i would agree with the translator that imitation of christ ranks very close to the bible . i read it over and over . it is shocking clear and concise . it forces you to examine your conscience and admit that you are a sinner and encourages you not to be afraid to carry your cross and aim , yes , to be a saint . thomas a kempis 's words cut to the heart and ring true over and over . in the normal state of human depravity , deception , duplicity , relativism , and excuse-making no one could write such a book without a transcendant , almighty , omniscient , omnipresent and infinitely merciful lord . each chapter feeds the hungry and thirsty soul and feeds the fire to seek our lord more and more . i wait patiently for your return lord jesus for your judgement and the new heavan and earth
camera pos 441.txt it lasts a lot of shots , about 1000 shots , it 's amazing , with two of these batteries you have for almost a month in holiday without any recharge
health pos 293.txt it 's small , folds down and is great to pack for a trip instead of your big hair dryer . i just wish you could set it on cool and blow as fast cuz it does get pretty hot . very convenient item if you travel
books pos 407.txt how would you like to have to perform your own autopsy ? that is the conundrum that faces dr. maura isles in body double when she returns from a conference in france to find that the identical twin she never knew she had has been murdered in front of her house . the investigation into the murder leads maura to a mental institution to confront the woman who gave the identical twins up for adoption 40 years before , and also leads maura into the chilling discovery that a serial killer has been murderng pregnant women . this book moves quickly as maura follows the investigation to its very surprising conclusion . it 's a pleasure to see maura team up with dr. jane rizzoli- - maura seems to take some of the hard edges off of jane and jane seems to make maura a little less of an ice princess . this is an enjoyable book that you will find is hard to put down until the end
music pos 436.txt the most juiced-up sountern rock around . check out the tango guitar on " too hard to handle " and i always get a kick out of rick 's ole ' man . it 's a shame that there are n't bands like this around today .
books pos 695.txt jimmy carter is usually considered a mediocre president at best , totally incompetent at worst . nothing could be further from the truth . this book lists his presidential successes and goes on to show how they led to his influential post-presidential activities . we now can see jimmy carter for what he truly is , a human rights champion and a shining example to us all
music pos 418.txt wrathchild alone is worth the purchase of this album . its just that darn good of a song . but hey , the whole album is good . the title track is brutally awesome , especially live on the beast over hammersmith cd ( iron maiden box set ) . and murders in the rue morgue is another classic . then there is drifter , and the two intrumentals the ides of march and ghengis khan ( who papa roach would rip off the guitar riff from for their one hit wonder song last resort ) . maybe not as good as their debut album , but still a masterpeice of an album
music pos 361.txt sam moore 's new cd is a welcome return to the roots of soul . this cd has got it ! sam 's voice is superb and the duets he does with his guests are wonderful . i 'm not a fan of country music so i was a bit fearful of what wynona and travis tritt would do with sam . wow ! are they ever good ! wynona 's got it . i 'm going to listen to more of her now . the musicians are the best ! i thought i could hear that wonderful touch of earth wind and fire on some of the numbers so i went searching the notes . sure enough- -there is reggie young- -the wonderful earth wind and fire trombonist ! go reggie ! billy preston is wonderful on " you are so beautiful " as is the accompanying guitar by eric clapton . this is a musician 's cd- -quality all the way . i have had the great pleasure of seeing sam moore and billy preston in person ( with bowzer 's doo wop party- -thank god for bowzer , bringing back all these wonderful artists ) and they were wonderful . i 'd love to see even more of sam moore . thanks to randy jackson for putting this together . this is a class-act .
books neg 426.txt it starts out like laura bush 's rules for driving , but skydives after the opening pages , in which the then 17-year-old laura kills a young man with her car , who just coincidentally happens to be her boyfriend ! my interest in the book sharply dove after that , as it appears that coincidental killing is the most appealing thing about laura bush
dvd pos 820.txt this is a great dvd collection of a great show . i hope that they follow up this set and the christmas set with another 3 disc set of shows . as great as this set is , it just left me wanting more . i hope they deliver . there are still many , many classic episodes left to be seen . it was worth every penny .
health pos 910.txt i bought this as a trial product , because the other stuff that i bought did n't work as what they advertise it . but this dusters picks up the dust instead of pushing to another place . this refills is quite cheap and it make my cleaning job much easier
books pos 757.txt the authors have done an excellent job in explaining testing methodologies for component based software . black box and white box testing methodologies have been explained particularly well . test automation and automation tools are also covered in great detail . the book also describes integration testing , regression testing and performance testing quite well . overall , this is one of the most comprehensive text books on this subject . i highly recommend it for both students and software professionals .
music neg 998.txt gonzalo is a fantastic pianist . this cd however is meant to capture his more thoughtful and sensitive side . however , it is languid and the tunes do n't stand out . it is hard to tell if track 2 is really track 4 as the plodding bass and minimalist approach on piano make for sleepy moments - if driving later in the day . i have heard him with fire and brimstone and sometimes it goes over the edge of taste . but it is exciting . not here . there is barely a hint of any cuban influence in this music as well . now some will like the gentleness i suppose , but with weak material and not much diversity , it sits pretty flat with me
books neg 976.txt i did a fast skimming through this book and noticed that for an essential monster movie guide , it certainly does n't praise or hype the genre that well . this book comes across like it was written by an elitist who 's too good for horror . nearly every movie / special gets a low rating and i ca n't understand why a book like this that could 've been a good companion to the horror fan would be so anti-horror as a whole . horror fans , in general , want to be be entertained and or scared...i for one do n't want logical stories and things that make sense if it detracts from the entertainment factor because typically what makes sense and uses logic in horror is boring . it gets 2 stars from me because it offers a diverse selection of films and includes mini biographies of horror legends like vincent price , christopher lee , peter cushing , lon chaney , boris karloff , etc. but for a horror movie book , the writers certainly did n't help their genre by bad-mouthing it so much in this book
music neg 795.txt i loved " come away with me " the first moment i heard it . i also had the opportunity to see norah and her wonderful band in concert ... the experience was absolutely fantastic ! i could n't have asked for a better ! so naturally i waited in eager anticipation for her new album " feels like home " which after only one listen made me feel narcoleptic . it was a good thing i did n't try and listen to it while driving . to be perfectly honest , i have n't listened to it since . she is so talented , i wish this effort had been as successful as the first , but not everyone hits a homerun each time at bat . but i still hold out hope that her next album will be better
software neg 676.txt this program works after it 's installed , but the installation process is unbelievably flawed . if you have a version of norton on your computer already , this may cause all kinds of problems with the new installation . not only did i have to uninstall all versions ( after norton lets you install the new one ) , but i had to make a bunch of changes to windows , also . on top of that , while you 're struggling to install ( i got it on to one computer easily , a second with some difficulty , and the third.. . well , it 's been several days of struggle ) , norton counts down the number of days in the subscription . so if you install on one computer today , and another two months later , then your subscription on all your machines still expires a year from now . i do n't see how symantec can put out a program that does n't allow you to upgrade easily.. . after all these years , they ca n't fix this major bug ? that 's just pathetic
camera neg 374.txt i read all the reviews and comments on this kodak printer i could find . many gave glowing reviews . i 'd just purchased a new kodak digital camera , and thought this printer dock would make a perfect setup . i was never able to get the printer to perform as kodak says it should . it caused some odd conflict , and my computer would not boot into windows xp with the printer attached to the computer . i ended up having to disconnect the printer , turn on my computer , and then reconnect the printer in order to use it . windows then had to always reinstall the printer drivers . it was made even more frustrating by kodak 's tech support . i called and emailed multiple times for assistance . in one conversation i was literally told " i do n't know what 's wrong and ca n't help you . " now that 's tech support ! finally the printer refused to print telling me that it was out of paper . i tried all kodak 's remedies , none worked . no matter how much or how little paper was in the machine , it said there was no paper . i even opened a fresh pack to find it still fussy and not let me print . i ca n't recommend this printer . i could give a better recommendation had kodak itself , through its tech support , at least have provided my with some competent assistance . i got about 2 dozen prints , quite a large cost for printer and supplies for a few prints before the machine just failed to work at all . about the only positive i can give is that the prints i did get looked good , the color was nice . i gave it an extra star for print quality alone . kodak was a name that had some strength behind the name once upon a time . it was synonymous with home photography once upon a time . they 've lost something over the years , and that is quality
music neg 177.txt this is another " rip-off " cd . 3 songs and a video , do n't make this a good purchase . i expect a cd to have , at least , 8-10 songs on it .
camera neg 424.txt as the previous reviewer pointed out , this is not the klic-5001 1700 mah battery as described in the product details , it is the lower capacity ( 1050 mah ) klic-5000. at least it is the kodak battery , if that matters to you . ( i have a new kodak camera and want to protect the warranty . ) if not , plenty of places sell the generic klic-5001 for less than amazon sells the kodak klic-5000
software pos 555.txt i really like my new windows vista upgrade.the graphics are stunning and it is extremely user friendly.infact , i liked vista business so much , i upgraded to the ultimate version.both versions are very easy to install ; many people seem to be waiting for ' all the bugs to be worked out ' but , honestly , the bugs are n't a problem.it is important to run the advisor about -is your system ready for vista before you install - to get rid of any conflicts your computer might have with vista ; other than that everything else is a breeze . use my system about 6 hours a day and am using a xps 700 dell computer go for it , you 'll have lots of fun !
music neg 904.txt this cd just does n't have the quality it should . some of the songs have had the lyrics cut out or removed such as danny boy . i have the cassette and it was great but this just does n't do justice to ray price or his songs
books pos 592.txt expect everyone to maintain a peaceful hush as you read this book aloud . a sense of serenity permeates through the words and is perfectly matched by the illustrations . the imagery captures your senses and the story pulls at your heartstrings . grandfather twilight is an endearing character that makes you feel warm and safe . this wonderful book is sure to appeal to all ages ( preschool to an older adult ) . and , it is n't just for bedtime either .
health pos 610.txt i am diabetic and i have been losing about 10 lbs per month for 6 months eating these bars as a between meal source of protein . they satisfy my taste for something sweet and are filling .
music neg 774.txt while i doubt i 'll ever get used to the edited ( single ? ) version of ' nights in white satin ' presented here , i have to agree that the song selection in general is excellent for a compilation of this seminal band . that said , the moody blues ( or more likely , their record label ) have n't exactly been shy about releasing such anthologies and hits collections on cd , either . while ' gold ' represents an affordable means of buying some of the best known and loved music from the moody blues , it also is for me one of the most trying listening experiences as well . if i had to guess , i 'd say much of the music contained on ' gold ' comes from different masters than the songs currently found on other collections , and on the band 's original cd albums . there are definite issues with the sonic quality of these songs as presented on this disc . for instance , the music track of ' nights ' is horrendously compressed in comparison to earlier cd versions of this song ; perhaps the record label was working with an unremastered single release master of the song ( my guess ) , but the audible discrepancies between this version and earlier examples ( albeit , in the full album form including the late lament and the full orchestral intro ) are hard for this listener to stomach . i can point to any of the earlier music included here and say pretty much the same thing . whatever the reason , the original source material used for this cd could 've seriously benefitted from earnest remastering work . while i suspect that would 've raised the asking price of ' gold ' , i also would contend that great music deserves such caring treatment . as it is , too much of ' gold ' as issued is indeed quite tarnished , which in the real world given the metal that goes by periodic symbol of au would 've been impossible to do . but evidently in realm of the corporate music world , when selling music on the cheap and banging out sloppily compiled cds it 's very easy to take the most precious and thoroughly muck it up
health pos 286.txt this model was given to me as a gift almost two years ago . i bought another off of amazon because the recharge cord had a short in it , and i figured i could use a second one to keep in my travel bag . i 'd have to say i 'm pretty pleased with the trimmer . i like the fact that the guard slides up and down to the appropriate setting instead of me having to keep up with 4 or 5 individual plastic guards that have to be changed out when i want to change the trimming depth . i use it a few times a week , and it seems that it can go for months without needing a charge . the little vacuum that sucks the trimmings into the little holding area is not the strongest....it 's catches probably 70% of what i trim . you 'll want to be sure you 're standing over a sink or towel when using it . well worth the $30 i spent for this grooming tool
books pos 412.txt the novels in this series are not the escapist fantasies that many associate with the arthurian legends . they are , in fact , historical fiction at its best . whyte has gone to great lengths to not only ensure historical accuracy , but to weave the stories into historic events . the first six novels in the series ( that is all i have read , though it appears that there are two or three more ) give a wonderfully plausible explaination for the genesis of the arthurian legend . but the beauty of the books is in whyte 's prose . a scottish poet , he uses the language beautifully and creates characters so vivid and multidimensional that we forget the 1600 between their time and ours . these books will not insult your intelligence , and they prove that one does not need to suspend the laws of physics or distort the facts of history to find magic in the arthurian legend .
dvd neg 685.txt ( david 1930 's mobster ) ...... this movie is based on the year 1935 , the dutchman 's last year of life . it does n't paint the real picture of the dutchman or his orginazation . ( dutch schultz was a ruthless hot head who did n't entertain a thing . billy bathgate was supposed to be dutch 's protege but was merly an errand boy ( no gun play at all ) . there was almost no gun fights in this movie or the showing of daily operations which was still going on in 1935. there was a apperance by lucky luciano which was good but nothing shown of the commission which dutch was a part of . the best dutch schultz i have seen on film is ( hoodlum ) . if your like me and want the real 1930 's & 40 's minus the watered down or mis leading facts , d your homework before you buy or rent . or read the review and look for david 1930 's mobster )
health pos 898.txt the dispencer is easy to " squeeze " amount of moisturizer needed for one application . consistency of moisturizer is easy to apply , it 's very mosturizing and on top of that protects agaist uv and aging ! very convenient . but just a little bit on the high side for over counter cosmetics for my opinion
dvd pos 774.txt about time urban works brings back " the cosby show " , but i wonder , what happened to " a different world " after the release cancellation of season 2 ? if any worker of urban works reads this , please reply ! ! ! !
dvd neg 83.txt george clooney and quentin tarantino have got to be two of the worst actors of all time . it 's sheer agony to watch these nerds pretend to be macho tough guys . this whole flick is akin to getting a gift-wrapped package wrapped in the fanciest wrapping paper.. . problem is , as is often the case with tarantino and robert rodriguez , ai n't nothin ' inside the package . get it ? these guys like the worst movies and have managed to become the makers of some of the worst movies ever . the word shallow comes to mind . there is nothing there , and i doubt that there ever will be . however , having said that , i must give credit where credit is due : juliette lewis , the talented juliette lewis , is terrific as usual . good to see harvey keitel do his thing , same goes for fred williamson , the rarely seen michael parks ( this guy , by the way made some terrific country-type records back in the 60's --and we wish he 'd do more . he 's up there with merle haggard in my humble opinion ) and , last but not least , the beautiful salma hayek is also in this , although she hardly does enough . she still had the curves back then . in addition to the above , we could have done without all the obvious and crappy cgi effects at the end . the stuff just does n't work ; never did . by the way , the documentary full -tilt boogie is way better than the main feature .
music neg 98.txt this cd is not at all what it appears to be . they got other people singing and playing the music , so it 's not what you 're probably looking for . terrible misrespresentation . i was so disappointed ! thank goodness i used my other party cd 's or my guests would have left......and i would have held the door open.....not blamed them for leaving !
dvd neg 795.txt as i stated before , i have a fabulous thing called " digital cable " . one night i was flippin through the channels and this movie was on . i could only watch so much of it before i had to turn it off because the voice dubbing was way off . sometimes that happens with " digital cable " , but it usually it will right itself in the end . as i watched for about a half an hour i could not take it anymore . i tried everything to fix it including switching channels , turning on and off the tv , and things of that nature . i even went as far as calling comcast and complaining , but even that was a wasted effort . i eventually had to turn it off because i was a hairs-width away from haymakering morris . well , even though comcast ruined my viewing experience so far , when i was at blockbuster i decided to give it another chance . i know i mentioned that the lead actor could not act but i thought i could look past this , because it might not be completely his fault . for one the visuals could be slightly off like the voices , or it might be because it 's his first movie . who knows but howard 's mind was made up . " rumble in the bronx " was to be rented . from what i saw so far on " digital cable " , i possibly found a person i could call my mentor , when i enter the world of stuntmen . when i returned home i threw the dvd in the dvd player and guess what ? the dvd was messed up as well , the voice dubbing was totally off key as it was on " digital cable " . i raced back to blockbusters and returned it and grabbed another copy , telling them this dvd was broken . i returned home again and tried to watch it . " what the heck ! ? " i yelled , " is the world against howard tuttleman ! ? " you guessed it that dvd was messed up as too . i even tried it out on another dvd player and it proved to me that the run of dvds blockbuster has were all messed up . i got so frustrated that i threw the dvd out the window ( i rented it on my father 's card so there is no recourse to me ) . after i cooled down alittle bit by blasting away on my harmonica , i was still determined to see this movie . i ran up to best buy in troy , and i found a copy . i asked the servant that was working in the movie section if this is the most updated and newest version , hoping that it was a new pressing . i was happy with his answer and purchased it . well i returned home and made up some popcorn and grabbed a pop . i put the dvd in the dvd player and dimmed the lights . finally , tuttleman will have his moment . well to keep this clean and short , let me say that , that night ended with a baseball bat , three ( 3 ) stitches in my hand , a broken window , and a hefty grounding-sentence ( we are talking weeks here ) . in conclusion , some movies ca n't be good , no matter how cool the stuntman , this movie should be pulled off the shelves because it could possibly start a riot . later .
camera pos 86.txt i won the kodak printer at a scrapbook convention & then went on the hunt to find the refills at a reasonable price . purchasing the 160 count made the price per print the lowest & beat out anything i could find in the local stores . it is a great convenience to be able to whip out a 4x6 print instead of having to download it to a store 's website , wait a few days , go there & pick it up , etc. great value
dvd pos 44.txt a film that 's a little like trying to find your way out of a house of mirrors or an attempt to reassemble an image once it has been split by a prism . since nothing is as it seems , we may as well be inside a fictionalized world ; like the unicorn story the main character , cathryn , is writing . this fantasy is read aloud throughout the film creating a framework whose only relevance to the story unfolding , is to reassure us that we have stepped into a world that is a creation of the imagination ; however , the fact that is comes from the mind of a schizophrenic is hardly reassuring . a glance at the cast of characters hints that they are not necessarily who or what they seem ( hugh is played by rene , rene is played by marcel who is played by hugh . cathryn is played by susannah and susannah plays cathryn ) . insanity is not an ordering principle of the mind , but rather a vain attempt to put order to an ever-changing palette of images that may or may not be reflections of images within the mind instead of outside . a very atmospheric film made more so by the disturbing score that is not altogether in sync with the action , another technique that constantly keeps the viewer off balance
music neg 400.txt let 's get one thing straight - radiohead may be the greatest thing to happen to music since the beatles . that said , this is not the album for that reason . do not let this album turn you off from radiohead...beacause it is truly not what they are about . there is one hint though in where radiohead will go . in the song " creep " , which is not a fantastic song , there is a brilliant " chu-chunk " made by johnny greenwood . so please - if you are trying to get into radiohead...go somewhere else . for the " rockers " - get the bends , for people trying to expand their musical mind - get ok computer , and if you like that you may become obsessed with kid a . there are some unbelievable songs on amnesiac , but it is not their most cohesive album , and hail to the theif is very solid . thank you for your time
camera pos 810.txt the camcorder compact power adapter worked very well . i was given great help in finding the right one for my canon camcorder , which in itself was amazing . 5 stars to the product and to the helpers who helped me locate the right one
health neg 811.txt i have been trying to suppress my appetite for awhile . i took trimspa 32 and i think that it did better than this product . i have been taking it for a week , and along with that , i have been substituting a nutrition shake for breakfast and a salad for lunch , plus working out . dinners are healthy about 5 days out of the week . i 've noticed no change . i am taking these to be able to eat significantly less and still work out . i 'm very hungry before lunch and when i get home i have to take a nap and ca n't work out until later in the evening . i really have noticed no change at all in my appetite or my energy level , which is really unfortunate
dvd neg 802.txt this is not a review of this item , but the whole series . not only are the films in this bundle not all musicals , this bundle is sent intstead of the purchased bundle . until amazon straightens out the mess in titles , forget ordering alice faye and betty grable bundles : particularly marquee musicals .
camera neg 815.txt straight out of the box disappointment with the extremely poor quality . plug into wall and does not work . after trying numerous different outlets / wiggles of the cord , it finally powered on . after putting in a card , the pics were ok , passable . the mp3 popped and moaned and popped some more , and i was only playing very quiet jazz . this is not worth the money even though it is cheap . pay a little more and get one that is of better quality
music pos 412.txt wow ! i love this spykids movie way better than the first one . i think of the first one as an introduction for the characters and the sequel is the big adventure for all the cortezes and even more characters , like the giggleses . we met donnagon in the first movie , and he was the reason for the cortez parents to go on the mission . now we see that he has kids and we relize that he has bigger plans for the oss . and what about alexandra , the preisidants daughter ? she is the main reason we know about the transmooker device , right ? also grandma and grandpa cortez are joining us in this movie . i think robert rodregiuz did an execallent job on the sequel , spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams . ... the sequel is awesome ! ! ! !
software pos 675.txt i am satisfied with the product . for that matter i know it before i bought and i am satisfied with it . the only glitch is it will take some time to start and until it starts we may not be able to browse or use any applications that needs internet . still i would suggest it is a best option to buy one for ur computer safety
dvd neg 456.txt a good dozen years before his spectacular films of the late 70 's and mid 80 's allen got his name on the directorial map w / this piece of fluff . you gotta start somewhere . tiger lily is more of a dry run for his later , real comedies than an original film in its own right . allen 's early work does tend to be stand up material thinly disguised as film . many of the jokes are funny but the one note premise wears thin quick . a must for allen enthusiasts and people who like quirky cultish so-bad-they're -fun movies
music pos 865.txt this record is a fine example of earnest juju music . other artits have tricked it up some with synths and keyboards . chief commander obe has always managed to offer more traditional representation of juju as it evolved from highlife . keep in mind , this means amazing percussion work , intertwining guitar lines , loving vocals and long well developed instrumentals . if you 're interested , you should buy it . it will make you happy , no matter how you were feeling , and what you 're doing
health pos 896.txt mine is dry sensitive skin and the cream works well . i like the way this cream gives instant glow
dvd pos 391.txt for a plot synopsis please read the amazon review . i wish to talk about the reasons why you will love this film . as a longtime fan of both sam raimi ( of the evil dead series ) and bill paxton ( aliens , twister ) , i went to see this on opening night . not many people can claim this i 'm sure because it was and is , such a small film that received next to no marketing . for shame . this film is in the best tradition of modern film noir including blood simple and fargo , both made by the cohen brothers . film buffs will be able to draw the connections to those films and their filmakers , so i wo n't bother to get into that . should you have seen either of these films and enjoyed them , i suggest you stop reading and immediately rent a simple plan . if not , keep reading and i will try to express why this film is so remarkably brilliant . and why i hope you will take a look at it . a simple plan is , at its core , about four people . and underneath all the plot devices and twists , it 's about how they relate to one another . notice i did't say characters , because this film does n't have actors simply delivering dialogue . it 's about people you get to know , understand and sympathise with as they undergo the most brutal of dilemmas . sure , finding a mysterious bag filled with money is an excellent plot device , but the heart of this film is much simpler than that . it 's about the basic human flaw of committing a criminal act and trying to weasel your way out of it . and being forced to do the most unthinkable things in the process . that 's what gives this film such depth . you watch these people try to figure out how to cover every angle so they can get away with stealing a whole lot of cash . and in the end it falls apart for two reasons : the details and the human factor . they say the devil is in the details and this is never truer than with a crime . as for the human factor , where greed is concerned , people cannot trust one another because they fear the other person 's greed while are unable satisfy their own . in many respects this film is almost an homage to blood simple and fargo , but in many ways i think it is superior . i often draw the comparison by a scene which is both a simple plan and blood simple where a body is increasingly difficult to dispose of . and even afterwards , after the emotional toll the has been taken , once one evil act is committed , another is sure to follow . it 's so painfully facsinating to watch a person work out their problem on camera , frantically going over the details in their mind , all the while their heart is beating a mile a minute . bill paxton does this better than anyone . he is such a likable man ( both in the film and in life ) that you ca n't help but feel sorry for the mess he has created . his entire performance is a balancing act between getting away with a seemingly harmless crime , keeping his partners at bay and their mouths shut while being prodded along by his conspirator wife . that may make them all sound malicious , but really the opposite is actually true . they 're all normal folks , like we 've all seen a hundred times . and in the end it really gets to you because you can imagine how you would react in the same situations they find themselves in . after all , were you faced with the choice to steal a couple million dollars that no one would miss , what would you do ? but then again , nothing is ever that simple
camera pos 53.txt it 's good as my title says , however , i found one con about it is there is no place i can put a string on it so that i have to put it in my pocket when i take it off
software pos 511.txt super simple to install , and easy to use . this program gives you a real perspective of how you use your money . i created a " personal " account company . it does n't have to be for small business only , but will be handy if we decide to set up a small business in the future . the price was just right for our purpose .
health neg 705.txt i was disappointed in this product as the bonnet was smaller than the previous dryer i was using by hot tools and had problem getting on over my large rollers . after using about 5 times it stopped working . i will say that it is compact for travelling but feel that it is undependable . the temperature did get extremely hot so for a quick dry it was good from that standpoint . i ended up purchasing another hot tools dryer , a little more money but worth the price in the long run
camera pos 536.txt very compact , light and easy to hold - full marks for design . buttons etc can take a bit of getting used to , but ok once mastered . main downside for me it only takes dvd-r / rw - and not dvd-r / rw+ , bit of a problem when you pick up the wrong ones ! also , can be a problem taking it abroad - i had issues charging it as it would take a standard us to uk converter plug as the pins are slightly wider than normal us plugs .
camera pos 618.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos
dvd pos 82.txt it 's as good if not better than volume 1 of cartoons that time forgot . the episodes are a bit more wierd in this volume . hope there will be a volume 3 coming out soon
health pos 812.txt i saw these reading glasses on csi:ny and just had to have them ! it 's really nice to have a quality pair of reading glasses...and the wow factor does n't hurt either ! i 've read some of the reviews and can see where women with hair past their shoulders might have a problem with this type of glasses . my hair is shortish ( layered to the bottom of my neck ) and i would n't want it any longer if i was going to wear these glasses a lot...which i do ! they are n't portable...but they are n't supposed to be . i keep mine in my office where i need to take them on and off the most frequently . i 'll probably get another pair for home but i 'll used my old ones i can put in my case for carrying in my purse . all in all...i 'm very glad i got them
health pos 489.txt great tasting bar . nice and soft make it easy to eat
books pos 51.txt neverwhere is one of gaiman 's best yet ! i highly recommend this novel
music pos 842.txt the coltrane soundscapes that this cd is infused flies to the mountain and back again , that 's the truth , but one troubling question for me remains ; no matter how much i enjoy this fusion incarnation by masters ( new & old ) - where in the world is alan holdsworth ? if any fusion guitar player has the rightful title claim to the coltrane moniker - it 's holdsworth . for years he 's been building the bridge between the good old philosophies and the new world order . including holdsworth would have just been the jazziest thing to do .
software neg 798.txt i bought this product on the strength of the norton name , and a positive review in business week . i uninstalled zonelabs , ad-aware , and all norton anti-virus . there were still nav files after the uninstall . i had to download their norton software removal tool , which also could not remove some nav files . everytime i re-boot , those problematic nav files want to re-launch nav . the nis 2007 install was still difficult after all of that effort , and once installed nis 2007 either freezes up my computer , or makes my internet connection so slow that it is un-usable . so , now i 've uninstalled nis 2007 , still have issues with the corrupt nav files , and will being go back to zonelabs and ad-aware .
camera neg 345.txt i bought three of these - - one for myself and one for each pair of grandparents . two of them stopped working . one of the two had tons of bad pixels and the other one just stopped . unfortunately , out of the warranty period ! and inquiry to the manufacturer has been ignored . i 'm out a lot of money for this garbage . do not waste your money on this garbage ! ! ! !
camera pos 446.txt we had a canon powershot s50 3 years ago , loved it . so this time when my husband wanted to buy another digital compact camera , we specifically looked for canons . we originally were thinking of getting the sd700 , 800 or something like that . but after we compared these cameras together in a store near us . we found out sd900 has the finest lcd display , more opitions in control panel.. . so we came back and bought it from amazon ( our favorite online store ) . we used it in our last trip to grand cayon , lv , sf etc. this sd900 takes very good pictures , especially in good lighting conditions . colors are also smooth and rich . the downside , as you may already read from others ' reviews , no battery indication , no raw ( it 's ok , my husband does n't do much editiing anyway , it will be too much to ask for a campact camera to offer ) , control panel is sensitive.. . do n't get frustrated if you happened to pressed the wrong button and could n't figure the way out during the time of shooting . stich is a great function which comes with , but when in a very bright area , you can not see the stich alignment very well on the lcd screen ( i guess it 's a common trouble to all digital compact cameras which are relay on lcd dispay ) . overall , it 's a wonderful camera , we love it . it 's my husband 's camera , i uses canon 350d , but i borrow it from my husband sometimes because it 's tiny compares to my 10 lbs " moose " and it takes very good pictures .
health pos 288.txt these are the best nursing pads out there . i tried several others that would not stick and would leak . i 've never had any problems with these
camera pos 879.txt i love this camcorder . it is very easy to use , the piture quality is great . you can record wide screen or full screen . light weight , fits in the palm of your hand which is more stable and less shaky when taping . the controls are within easy reach while taping . it is so easy to use that both of my kids have even been using it and they are only 9 and 6. it is also a great price . ca n't wait for all our summer vacations to start taping . i bought this camcorder two weeks ago from best buy . i just wrote my review and then read the others and i had to add this in , there were comments being made that you can hear the tape while recording and then in the play back . i slightly hear the noise when i am taping , but i cannot hear it when i am playing it on my dvd player . to hear the noise while taping you have to have it right next to your ear . but not noticable on the playback on computer or through the dvd player
music neg 107.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " .
health neg 419.txt i just purchased a new heating pad to replace the one i had for years . i read the reviews and could not decide between all the choices , price being the primary concern . the saying you get what you paid for is true ! ! the heating pad works ok but the outer edges of this pad scratch you and the covering cloth is very cheap . pay more and be happier
music pos 63.txt this album is incredible . for me this is one of those few albums that defines a time in my life . an album that for months i played over and over . an album that i 've played countless times , that i have passed out to when i came home after a late night , that i have ran to , and worked out to , that i play at work for a pick-me up . it 's great . it 's filled with so much emotion and passion , from beginning to end its just brilliant , the entire album . the songs are composed more like classical music with sweeping scores that start off slow and steady and then build up and explode into these intense jams . i love it . you have to buy this album . then buy their next self titled album . then play it and play it , and play it . it grows on you . i ca n't wait to see them live.. .
software pos 401.txt i 'm just learning , and this bible is wonderful . it 's written in language i can understand ( much easier than the king james version ) , and the commentary brings everything into focus . there is so much extra information in this book and the commenters really took care to try to explain so a newbie like me could understand . the book comes with a concordence also , which is a god-send ( sorry about the pun ) . i 've been so engrossed in reading that i have n't even looked at the cd-rom yet , but i 'm sure it will have great information also . if you want an easy-to-read bible that comes with fantastic study material , this is the right book for you
software pos 660.txt i am an adult trying to learn piano . this program is great for learning simple songs and does have a very good feedback system . the lessons are taught with plenty of simple songs which you can play and the feedback system will track how well you play . the feedback system tracks your key presses , rythem , and note length . however , it does not track the strength of your key press . i would like to see more exercises to develop better basic skills , instead of just playing simple songs . also , the feedback program can be very discouraging for children as it is very sensitive and report very minor error . overall , this is still a great program to have for self learner , but in no way will it beat a real piano teacher
music neg 994.txt yes , she has a great voice , but this entire cd is so overproduced , so lifeless , so very boring that i had to force myself to listen to the entire thing - searching desperately for a track that measures up to the voice . she sounds as bored as i was on every song . i hope she wakes up soon before we all fall asleep
camera neg 136.txt i got this for my s70. first off , in order to use it , you have to set the s70 to " radio control " ( about 9 button pushes ) . then you had better stay no further away than six feet or so ( and only in *front* of the camera-the remote does n't work from the rear ! ) . oh , and if you want to adjust your framing , forget it-the zoom is immobilized . if you need a " cable release , " i strongly suggest simply using the self-timer built into the camera . it gives you 2-second and 10-second settings , and you 're almost certain to have a steady tripod by that time .
music pos 114.txt i am just writing this review to correct alexander from russia , who cites this album as a christianity peddler . leonard cohen is a jew , who unlike bob dylan ( on john wesley harding ) embraces his sense of jewish heritage and religion within his music . alexander , you 've brought your own interpretation to what is a distinctly jewish artist and his work
health pos 832.txt it 's pretty good...do n't see it making anything " firmer " but it works nicely as a moisturizer . i checked the internet and apparently the person posting stuff above has been posting the same thing [about it ruining their life] all over the net . probably an allergic reaction , you always have to test a little piece of skin before slopping something in your eyes ;
camera neg 195.txt the 5x7 digital photo frame from pacific digital is very cheaply made , the lcd is very dark and flickers constantly .
software pos 453.txt i have used microsoft works on numerous computers over the years and find it has the best and easiest programs to run . easy to understand and use for alot of different applications . i have used word and do not care for it .
dvd neg 264.txt they spend the first half of this movie saying how great the ultimate warrior was . the journey is awesome ! then all of the sudden , the paid wwe guys just began to bad-mouth the warrior . maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved ? they take some very low blows . they say that the warrior was a bad wrestler . actually he seemed just fine to me when i was young , and i really ca n't distinguish one 's ability from the other . they just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations . vince says quickly that the reason why the ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test . as soon as he says this , they fade to black then come back with a new issue . what drug use ? which drugs ? presumably they 're talking about steroids . but what about that high and mighty hulk hogan with his admitted drug use . let 's not talk about that - let 's just keep ganging up on the warrior . they completely ridicule him changing his name to the warrior . and they also just try to badmouth him so much . who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him ? i do n't ! he excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including hulk . and oh yeah - they do n't even let the warrior defend himself . why did i have to find out from imdb.com that he was asked to appear but declined ? why do n't they address this ? this " docu " is more slanted than " fahrenheitt 911 " every wrestling and ultimate warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it . it just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth , tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking .
dvd neg 47.txt ok , this is by far the most pathetic taping of a show ( although sweeney todd comes to a close second ) . where is the show ? ! they cut out the " glory " battle scene and just had the actors come out and look happy instead of creepy like they should when they do the slow-mo battle scene ( that was not in the movie.. . ) . also , where is " i guess i 'll miss the man ? " that 's a beautiful song that was cut from the movie why ? also what about " prayer for a duck " and many others ! ! ! this is by far the worst ladies and gentlemen and completely ruins the show created by stephen schwartz and the great bob fosse ! oh yeah , and chita rivera 's " spread a little sunshine " was pathetic , and the players did not convince me that they were creepy and really wanted pippin to do the " grand finale . " i was in this show and it was the greatest show i 've ever done , but this dvd is pathetic . do n't waste your money on the costly price of $19.99 , it should be $7.99 because of how many great songs and scenes that were cut from this show
health pos 874.txt a friend of mine used to meet me for lunch while boasting a beautiful & glowing face from a $50.00 facial she had just received . this product ( even after the 1st use ) produced the same results & i never had to leave my home . my skin always goes through hell during the winter months when its continually exposed to artificial heat . my skin feels & looks like i 've lost about 7 years time . i 'm very , very pleased with olay . i 've used their total effects lotion for years & i did purchase the regenerist serum to apply after using the kit . this is an excellent exfoliant & hands down , the best skin regenerating product i 've ever used
books pos 538.txt this book provides some brief but good background to set the context then proceeds to succinctly communicate those aspects of uml one really needs to know
camera pos 586.txt i fried my charger in mexico and needed to replace it . this was the exact replica and it works great
dvd pos 959.txt this film released in late 1984 , is about a married man named rob salinger ( the late dudley moore ) who secretly marries another woman during his current marriage . rob is a newspaper editor married to micheline " micki " salinger ( ann reinking ) , a judge . while secretly romancing maude ( amy irving ) , he proposes to her ( maude ) . rob has babies by both women and in one of the last scenes , they ( the women ) both meet and converse about their respective simultaneous marriages . but rob keeps both wives . in the real world , bigamy is undoubtedly illegal . director blake edwards ' previous film credits include breakfast at tiffany 's and the pink panther . subsequently , he directed the late john ritter in 1989 's skin deep
camera neg 393.txt this camera has an attractive look and price but it does not take good pictures . i bought this camera for my 12 year old daughter and although she was happy with it ( she 's happy with anything pink ) i was very disappointed at the quality and functionality
music pos 106.txt i have been a barry manilow fan since i was a teenager . i have never been disappointed with any of his work and this cd is no exception ! he is such a brilliant arranger and the remix of these classics is fabulous ! his voice is as good as ever ! even my 7 year old begs to listen to the cd everytime we get in the car and she can sing all the words !
camera pos 815.txt i bought this camera six months ago for my 12 year old daughter . it was her ( and ours ) first digital camera . i read so many reviews prior to selecting this model . the reviews for this camera were so helpful . this camera has been so easy to use and it takes excellent pictures . rechargeable batteries are definitely a must ! this camera is the best camera for this price , no doubt about it . we have taken still shots and videos . it is so fun to have the option to take a video . we have some great clips . all i can say is we are so happy with the camera . we would definitely choose it again
camera neg 327.txt very slow storage even with a fast card....small but too thick for comfortable handling . i ended up selling it on ebay and buying a canon sd600 which is a great camera , thin enough to fit in your shirt pocket , fast storage of images and the battery lasts a very long time . i 've charged it once and have taken many many holiday pictures . do n't buy the nikon without first checking out the canon sd600.
software pos 843.txt every once in a while you come across a product that does just what you wanted it to . the snapstream remote is one of them . i just recently built a home theater pc through which i play music and movies . however , the htpc is in a different room than my projector and i needed a way to operate the pc remotely while in the theater room . i chose the snapstream remote for this function and have been well pleased . i also highly recommend the snapstream remote for those people using or looking to use the beyond tv pvr solution . i record all my favorite tv programs on my htpc in high-def and able to access them with a single click of a button via the snapstream remote . this is one product that i can recommend with no reservations
health neg 76.txt i returned this biofeedback software and hardware . i was happy with amazon 's quick credit back to my credit card , but i found this purchase totally lacking . the games it had you play were boring and i would n't suggest buying this for doing biofeedback
music neg 285.txt this album is one of the best sonic youth album...i advise everyone to listen this album...break the circle of common popular music...this album irritates your soul and freedback your dreams. .
books pos 471.txt not many writers can characterize children realistically . somehow a stylized silhouette emerges and the child fades in the background and the plot or adult characters take over the storyline and the children characters end up being nothing more than fluff . this is definately not one of those novels . carson mccullers writes almost with artistic persicion on her two most elaborate characters , f . jasmine and john henry west . i really cannot think of another story , maybe , a good man is hard to find , by flannery o'conner , where the writer can get inside the mind of a child ; evoking their unique thoughts and feelings with a sense of ease . john henry west is one of the most well rounded and well written children i have ever read , and that is a great homage to her writing ability . *i first read this at ten , can see that age or older reading it . will have a intense impact on a sensitive pre teen reader
books neg 896.txt poorly written and not edited . it will confuse you more that help you
music neg 848.txt i have both volume i & ii so could n't resist buying volume iii . the music was good , ca n't complain about good pickin ' like that but i did notice that the original intent of the album is being re-thought it appears and it takes away from the entire concept for me . will the circle be unbroken ii was originally made to showcase the talents of the decendents and family of the original players / singers on vol i . it was keeping the " circle " alive by bringing in fresh new sounds from new generations of musicians of those who played on volume i . tom petty ? ? where does that come in to play ? how does he fit in the circle ? i was amazed that " this ones son " and " that ones son " were invited to play on this album , but the huskey 's ( whom i loved for their bass playing ) were totally ignored this go ' round . junior huskey played vol . i , roy huskey jr. ( junior 's son ) played vol . ii . why was n't roy 's son john invited to play on vol iii ? is n't that the purpose of this album ? to keep the circle alive ? roy huskey jr has 2 sons , one of which is a musician ( not sure about the other one ) . where was he ? given the tradition of the albums , i do n't see how tom petty could possibly be invited over a 3rd generation family musician . i was very disappointed to find the huskey 's not on this album . they were the backbone of the first two . not just the huskey 's , but there are other noticeable 's left out of this album as well . it 's just a shame that such a great concept has gone down the tubes . it seems to me , that in favor of the elite , the circle has most definitely been broken which really takes away from what the album was intended for
camera neg 673.txt we ownded this for around 10 months but used it for just 5-7 hours . it stopped working all of the sudden ( no power ) sent it for warranty , ( part no labor ) . $160 labor fee just to know what was wrong with it . would not but another camcorder from panasonic ( they even wanted me to pay for having it sent back )
music neg 798.txt this cd should have been called " the most annoyingly overplayed songs of the 1990's . " with the exception of " shine , " every single track on this cd is juvenile , mindless , fluff that was overplayed on the radio in the radio until you were ready to scream ! if you 're looking for a cd that represents the greatest music of the 1990 's , check out non stop 90 's rock or forever 90 's instead . however , you might be interested in this cd if you want to host a cheesy 90 's dance party . the songs are kind of fun and catchy if you listen to them in moderation
software neg 552.txt " genius " is an educational simulation game , where you 're building an industrial complex - - plop down factories , roads , houses , fire departments and such . as the game progresses , you complete physics puzzles to obtain new technologies and product improvements . you subscribe to newspapers , which contain answers to some questions and the knowledge or equations needed to solve others . the physics problems are entertaining , well designed , well documented , implemented excellently , and can be quite fun . they are presented as problems you encounter during business operation , for example while developing a new product . all of the information you need is provided . the game will appeal to children 8 & up , but these physics problems are more like age 16 & up because they require high school math . so , children & youths may need help from a parent who remembers algebra and preferably physics - - yikes ! some of the questions are easy & fun . some require you to be comfortable with algebra , converting between units , and applying formulae . a few are very difficult . fortunately , the questions are the same each time , so after figuring out the answers , you can write them down & just enter the answers next time . sometimes the game even gives you the correct answer after it is too late , so you can write it down for next time . unfortunately , i ca n't find a cheat sheet list of answers on the web - - too bad , this would really help . the level of difficulty of these questions is n't a problem , just be warned . the simulation side of the game is suffers in comparison . the industrial simulation controls are poorly documented . what each building does and when / why / where it is appropriate / inappropriate and how to run the game is somewhat of a mystery . there 's no way to figure out whether building something will be good or bad except trial and error - - logic does n't always help . bad decisions spiral out of control , seem to lead inevitably to bankruptcy . unfortunately , wrong answers on the physics problems can have the same effect . there is a " statistics " report that is supposed to give feedback on whether your company is making or loosing money , but this form does n't have enough information . so , expect some trial & error , some frustration , some algebra , some physics , & some reading through magazines looking for obscure clues . " genius " can be really fun , but could use some interface improvements . highly recommended for anyone taking physics in high school or college .
dvd pos 712.txt this is one of the great biopic films ever made . more often than not , film biopics are too rushed . they try and squeeze in every aspect of their subjects lives , and they end up giving short shrift to the person and their lives . this is not one of those films . it just covers woody guthrie 's adult life , from when he hit the road to when he became a big time folk singer , and his passionate defense of the working man . the look of the film is deliberate , in that it 's washed out . the hoedown scenes at the camp are some of the best in the film . they 're really lively , where the extras and everyone seem to be really enjoying themselves . the film has a real genuine feel to it , like you 're actually watching real people . david carradine is amazing as woody guthrie . he makes you think you 're actually watching woody himself . he did his own singing and stuntwork on the film . ronny cox is excellent as well , and he does his own singing too ( remember , cox played the man who jammed with the hillbilly in deliverance ) . randy quaid and melinda dillon offer great supporting roles as well . this is a fabulous film , and it feels short at 2 1 / 2 hours .
dvd neg 112.txt gene hackman is jedidiah tucker ward , an aging yet tireless litigant for the public good , enemy of evil corporate type and the bane of overpaid attorneys everywhere . on the other side of this gap of good and evil is maggie ward , jed 's headstrong daughter . between them is a products liability lawsuit involving car lights that kill people . the premise suggests the ending - jed will win the day , but not before his daughter has been transformed into a noble attorney . jed will fight the good fight ( which will require supreme grandstanding ) while maggie learns just how amoral her side really is . what robs this courtroom thriller is what 's missing in virtually every courtroom thriller - a case that could go either way , an actual case in controversy . maybe because of the amount of preemptive litigation required just to produce a major motion picture , hollywood is simply too beholden to lawyers to make a truly biting film about them . instead of a compelling case , we have one that 's ready for our verdict as soon as we 've seen the suits worn by either side or their offices . the case in " class action " is one you can typify as " david & goliath " , which is to say that the end has been fated to be won by the little guy by a higher power . there 's no way that we 're going to see a case won ( even by dishonest means ) by donald moffat 's hired band of harvard-trained professional liars , and there 's no way anybody in the audience is going to buy their arguments . maggie 's bosses are so transparently bad , that not only do they screw up , but even their explanations are patently evil even so , the film stacks the deck against them by cynically attributing to them as evil what are basic facts of life for lawsuits of this kind - namely that products liability plaintiffs will make overbroad requests for discovery , and defendants respond in kind by deluging the other side with documents responsive to the request but otherwise valueless . for a thriller about high-paid lawyers , " class action " has all the legal acumen of high-school mock-trial , with fewer suprises
camera neg 785.txt the eye piece that comes with the scpe is practicaly unuseable . but of course you can ' buy ' the eye piece that really works separately from the manufacturer . the whole thing was a waste of time...i gave it to my five year old to trash . at least he will have some fun with it that way....it 's realy just a childs toy .
camera pos 448.txt i purchased this camera primarily as a back-up camera . but i find myself using it more and more inplace of my main camera . it is a beautiful piece of work
camera neg 898.txt so i saw that this product got 5 stars , so i ordered it......when i got it , its like " um.. . is that it ? ? ? " it 's really cute , and really well made , but it has no where to hold my usb cord or memory cards.. . also , there is no hp embroidered in the front like the picture has it , also , the strap that i got is really cracked and does not look good at all.. . other than that , it 's cute , but not the best out there .
camera pos 926.txt my printer fits perfectly , with plenty of room for the paper tray , extra paper and a few other things that i have managed to get in also . i love this bag....thank
software neg 854.txt i have been a long-time act ! user . my biggest complaint is recovery . if you have to move the email and database to another computer due to a failure you have to jump through hoops ; that 's just what one feels like doing when the pressure is on . i still ca n't bring my act ! 2007 email over even though act ! says it was restored successfully ( empty folders ! ) . they have a ridiculous technical support team unwilling to help unless you pay , pay and pay and their knowledge base must have been restored like my email : non-existent . the earlier versions were great . i agree with a previous reviewer that when they switched to sql it all went downhill . i think i 'll stick with anything else . it is really ashame . act ! used to be fast , tight and clean ; now it is clunky , lethargic and hangs for 20 seconds on all the time ( for some stupid reason ) running on an a 2.4 dual core amd with 4gb memory . even when symantec had it they did n't screw it up , but now , you may be better-off sticking with the palm pilot contact management software- -well , maybe not
dvd neg 304.txt this movie is a rehash of the first , but it is a crappy , unconvincing , emotionally uninspiring movie . let me guess what part 3 will be about : a guy who looks at video or pictures goes back in time , does not alter that timeline the way he wants ( i.e. always worst case scenario ) and ends up killing himself in the end for the sake of everyone else
health pos 34.txt my husband said it is a very good shaver . it took a few days to get used to the shaving head because he has always used the norelco shavers with three rotating heads . the braun is a closer shave . the cleaning system works very well and it is easy to handle
dvd pos 419.txt this workout is nice because it does n't mess around . there are no long introductions you ca n't fast-forward through and the workout itself is challenging both the abdominal and breath series and the side series ( which is all legs and hips ) are really challenging and i plan on doing them to keep my muscles toned even after delivery . one complaint is that apparently she releases the videos herself and they are n't available very widespread in retail stores . i also would have liked it if they had included more arm work or a postnatal workout . all in all though great
camera neg 661.txt i wish there was a space for zero stars . we bought this frame for my in-laws for christmas and it worked for ten minutes and then died . it was definitely a fault unit and gauging by the other reviews on here , others have had a problem with it freezing . once it does that , there 's no fixing it , apparently . do some research and buy another unit ; that 's what i 'm going to do
camera pos 49.txt i purchased this at a photographic store because a professional said you should n't go higher than 1.4x . just keep in mind- -1.4x is only " 40% better " . it worked really well , but did n't increase the zoomage enough . i decided to go with a 2x ( that 's twice the zoomage ) teleconverter by kenko instead . i gave this one to my brother-in-law for christmas . you have to think about what you want- -i want to get in really close to the birds . i have a 70-300mm zoom lens and 1.4x takes it to 98-420mm . it is an improvement , but not nearly enough ! if you want to get twice as close , this is n't going to do it for you . if you want to get half-again-as close , this almost gets you there . as far as quality , the quality is definitely there . five stars for quality , 3 for insufficient zoomage
camera pos 880.txt i am writing to offset some negative opinions on this unit . i bought the canon because it has facilities for an external mike . i am a new camcorder user and so have no practical experience to bias my opinion one way or another . first on the matter of tape drive noise : yes i can hear it if i put the unit up to my ear . but no noticeable noise comes up on actual movie clips when played back through my computer . second , they claim you can interconnect and capture clips to your computer . what they do n't tell you is that you need a firewire card and cable ( about $70.00 total at best buy ) . you cannot simply hook up through the available computer usb port . fortunately , microsoft provides the necessary drivers in the xp os and minimal capture software called " moviemaker " . i am not too pleased with the tape system but considering the price of the unit , i think it is a bargain . finally , i have become aware through short experience with the unit that the ergonometric design for the right hand was very well thought out . your thumb easily controls on / off and tape transport functions . it is really easy to use , at least for right handed users . all considered , i am satisfied with the product . of course , if it dies next week , i will have a different opinion
camera neg 758.txt i bought a sony icd-mx20 digital voice recorder a week ago . i was surprised that sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named " digital voice editor " . sony customer service staff told me that if you lost the cd that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . only patches of the software are available to download . the customer service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device . this immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . think twice before making your buying decision .
books neg 614.txt 18 jun 2005 as the book progressed , it got more and more egoistic , to the point where it becomes a turn-off towards the end of the book . i am surprised that there was so little mentioned of hakeem . shaq 's attitude seems to be that since he can score , he does not respect centers who ca n't score . whereas he respect bill russell . but he does give kobe his fair share of spotlight . the other book i read was an unabashed hype of shaq , so this is a big improvement .
software neg 173.txt the mac os , $129 list , often cheaper , does n't get viruses , worms , malware , etc and probably runs all the software you do on a pc , with the exception of some games . go to a mac store and try it for yourself
software pos 671.txt i became interested in this after trying a more advanced program for my business . after weeding through too many option that did n't apply , i knew i just needed somthing simple- - a good way to monitor money in , money out . this program is simple and easy to adjust if you make a mistake . i highly recommend it , as it is exactly as described
camera pos 375.txt better than a photo album for showing off a series of pictures . buttons are fairly intuitive , instructions are understandable , and there 's nothing like being the " first kid on the block " with a new toy . getting all sorts of comments about my picture show
dvd neg 49.txt the movie title itself says a lot , the movie itself is a total scam , fools people to rent or to watch it . a horrible directing , script and performance . you 'd better jump off empire state building in the late afternoon if you feel bored than watching this brain-dean bad movie
software pos 398.txt the software is easy to install and easy to use . the " import prior year 's return " feature saved time in completing multiple returns . i completed one return in 10 mins because of this feature . i also discovered the " save as pdf " feature that made it easier to send tax returns to family and friends whom i prepare returns . i have used tax cut for the last 4 years and it gets better with each year . the premium federal is great for multiple returns with all kinds of schedules
dvd neg 414.txt i was all geeked to watch this but was disapponted...i do n't feel lke they picked the right person to direct this movie . it seemed very empty to me ! the fighting scenes were blah and that was what really blew it for me...maybe if it was longer it would have been better ? i do n't know...and then there was a mini plot with a brother and sister that seemed out of place ! ! sigh...azumi was a much better martial arts sword movie
books pos 685.txt based on the description , i expected this to be a davinci code knock-off , but gave it a shot since i recieved a free copy . comparing labyrinth to the davinci code do it injustice ; this is definately not an imitator and is worth reading in it 's own right . i enjoyed the characters , plot , and switching between the past and present . i 'm not sure it has literary value ( i would n't argue that the davinci code does , either ) , but it 's certainly complex enough to make you think about the plot and character relationships without being difficult to follow
software neg 213.txt office 97 was a pretty good product . the programs were powerful , had a decent interface ( maybe not as good as the claris products of the early 1990s , but not bad ) , and came with a ton of features all on one disc . the office 98 release for mac was pretty much the same thing . the only thing that really got annoying for me was the office assistant ( paperclip ) but it is easy enough to turn off . office 2000 was a bit of a disappointment for me . i felt that the improvements were minimal ( aside from a bit more stability in word- -anyone who has ever used word 97 on a regular basis knows it 's prone to crashing ) and in fact detracted from the ease of use . one example is the clip gallery , which went from being one of the best organizers ever created to becoming a program that would n't have received decent reviews in 1988. another is powerpoint 's outline feature . i always turned this off because it ate up monitor space and therefore made the actual slide smaller . when you use smaller displays like i often do this is a problem . the menus , which hide some functions until you go to the bottom of them , were also an annoyance . the manual went from being a nice thick book to one half the size . office 2003 continues making the program uglier . now there are many tasks crammed onto one little panel on the right of the screen . again , this eats into the workspace . the clip art system is even more cumbersome , and many of the clips are online only now . the help feature tries to point too much in the online direction as well . now some people may not complain , but what if you 're using a laptop in the middle of the country ? i feel that the program is basically an uglier version of the same thing that was first seen in 1997. in fact , the 1997 version was more pleasant to work with and almost as powerful . on my macs , i 've switched to keynote for presentations and pages for some of my word processing because the new office versions on that platform are similar . some of the templates also look very 1997. apple 's programs are updated on a regular basis , and their templates look very modern . now i know microsoft adds some new ones now and then , but they should consider redesigning many of them- -such as replacing the overused arial and times new roman fonts with something a little more classy . the program is bloated way too heavily . i can run office 2000 comfortably on a 486 with sub-1gb hard drive , but ca n't even get 2003 on it . a final gripe is that access is not user friendly at all . file maker is a better alternative , as it is easier to use and friendlier
books pos 80.txt rarely is there a book that i can not put down , this was an exception . quite a suspensfull page turner . any book that can draw you in and you can visualize the characters and the scenery is excellent and this book did that . i would have given it 5 stars , but i do not like romance blended in with any suspense novel , that 's just my taste . by far , however , one of the best books i have read in a long time
books pos 677.txt whether everything 's on the level here or not i have no idea but in the neverland of hollywood it does n't surprise me that an ex-mouseketeer could be drawn into the shadowy and dangerous circle of colorful mobster mickey cohen . it is a vastly entertaining read , however , and would make a cool movie
dvd pos 637.txt i did not think , that the women juliet lewis , plays in this movie was mentally retatrted , i think she just has a disablity.\ i hate that lable , if someone can walk and talk , and learn . i do n't think so .
software neg 291.txt it is n't very user friendly . i have other software that is much easier ( adobe photo shop ) . this one will take some time and effort to get used to and work with .
dvd neg 225.txt what a disappointment ! i absolutely loved the black pearl but was admittedly nervous about a sequel . as it turned out , i had every reason to be . it whole purpose of this movie seemed to be to return those characters from the original , major or minor , who seemed interesting . that they did but , unfortunately , the producers forget to give them a credible plot and interesting things to say . depp seemed to play his role even campier than before while keira must have , somehow , pissed off the writers so that they refused to give her any real meaty part of this movie . legolas , i mean , orlando bloom also seemed to be sort of drifting along , sometimes good but more often , haphazardly . to my mind , the only real interesting addition was that of davey jones . except for times when it was hard to understand what he was saying ( due to the tentacles ' n all ) , at least his was a unique addition to the movie . i do sort of object , however , to associating him with the flying dutchman legend . the two have nothing to do with each other , fantasy or not . and do n't get me started on the cannibals ! any way , i think this movie merits the two y'ars i gave it . while considerably beneath that first movie , it is somewhat watchable and even enjoyable at times , but it is most definitely not as good . and , as a final thought , the very last scene of the movie ? lose it entirely . it simply was unnecessary .
health neg 20.txt ordered this item on sept 28. they were supposed to ship it within 1 week . after 1 week i received an email , they said they needed 2 more weeks . another email today ( nov 7 ) , they think they can deliver it by november 27. that 's 2 months after i placed my order . at this point , i am not even sure if they can delivered this item by the end of the year . fortunately with amazon , they do not process the payment unless the items are shipped and they give you the option to cancel the order , which is what i am going to do right now
books neg 621.txt this book is best used for viewing its selection of master drawings many of which are superb . however , its written text is filled with multitudes of factual errors and pseudo-intellectualizations . it should be noted that this book was not written by hale ; it was written by one of his students and lacks the quality of hale 's classic , " drawing lessons from the great masters . " instead , this book loses itself in unimportant , erroneous anatomical minutia which will baffle , confuse , frustrate and ultimatly demoralize the motivated reader . it greatly misses the mark in both clarity and presentation of important anatomical theory
software pos 827.txt i have used works type products for years . microsoft works 7 is the best of the lot . it will work on almost any computer in use today and is definitely a best buy at the current price
health pos 891.txt very nice scale , worked wonderfully for a family member of mine with poor eyesigh
dvd neg 308.txt incredible does describe this movie - incredibly bad ! this movie does n't know what it wants to be . at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of " mississippi burning " or the anger and impunity of " ghosts of mississippi " , or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre . at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors , matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock . as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre 's list of movies for lack of originality , and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make . some of my favorite actors are wasted , either by being given cliched dialogue , over acting , or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence . if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book , then i have no interest in reading the book . i 'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper . but the direction does n't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own . bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role , proving she 's only worthy of b-grade " miss congeniality " type crud . mcconaughey over acts so much ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others ) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan , kevin spacey and donald sutherland . samuel l . jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever , but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in . even the extras in this movie are horrible . enough ca n't be said about the terrible direction in this movie , equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault , making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison . this is not " a powerful film . " it 's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast , a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience , and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions , culminating in an over the top , pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that would n't hold water in any real court of justice . maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt , or because they have n't seen quality comparisons and classics like " mississippis burning , " that has both a great script and fabulous acting . i do n't know . all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started . among the top of my most over rated movies
dvd neg 18.txt this movie has such wonderful reviews from both professional critics and amazon customers that i was expecting great things . while i agree the acting ( especially the girls playing christy and ariel ) is excellent the story is just too implausible and i got that impression from the minute we see the family crossing from canada to the us ( yes they are irish but for some reason they have to sneak in to the us from canada ) . anyway why on earth would an apparently intelligent couple enter the us with their two kids illegally , without jobs or much money to settle in the most expensive city in the country ? i know the dad is an actor but could n't he have settled the family in one of the less expensive boroughs and taken the subway in to manhattan ? the mom is a teacher but ca n't find a job but no wonder if they are in the country illegally . yet there is money for private school , fixing up the dump of an apartment , an expensive camcorder , betting the rent money on an et doll etc. i ca n't imagine any parents moving in to an apartment building known as the " drug house " with two young girls and then letting the girls wander about as they please . mind you the parents are a couple supposedly almost crippled by the guilt they feel over a third child - a son - that has recently died . i kept expecting someone to call social services . and the medical situations with both frankie and the mom and new baby are not well thought out or researched . the symbolism between mateo , the new baby and frankie is very heavy handed . though the film is told through the oldest daughter 's eyes because of several scenes and elements the movie is not suited at all to children . and there are also several scenes that are really not connected with the oldest daughter at all . maybe if i had taken it more as a fable i would have " gotten " this movie more but i was expecting a straight forward drama and was disappointed .
dvd pos 673.txt i really enjoyed this dvd . the instructor is very charismatic , unlike most instructional videos . he really knows his stuff . the only reason i would n't give it 5 stars is because i do n't believe that any dvd or video can really train a person to play an instrument . it comes from personal experience , not formula
music neg 293.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " .
health neg 386.txt i purchased these as a christmas gift for my daughter . they take way too long to heat up and the clips leave a crimp mark in her hair . for the money i do n't think they were worth it
dvd neg 150.txt do n't expect a comedy in the vein of trinity or they call me trinity . if you do , you are in for a fall . both of those were silly but redeemed themselves by being entertaining . this one has no such pretensions . it is merely boring . the story concerns a corrupt mining company out to cheat the local town 's folk out of their claims . they do this through intimidation and violence . when a couple of friends get hold of a claim , they put together a plan to secure that claim and those of the rest of the town from the bad guys . to do this , they enlist the aide of a traveling circus to serve as a distraction . they yell , they fight , they wrestle , they shoot and then they do it some more . its not very exciting cinema . this production is made worse by the dvd . i suspect that the original film was a rather low budget affair . the dvd , however , is of such low quality that who could really tell ? the edges are clipped off , the transfer is grainy and the effect is of someone holding a hidden handycam in a theater trying to bootleg it . it was not worth the effort . spaghetti westerns can be fun . this one , however , needs the pepto bismol right from the beginning to drive off the heartburn .
dvd neg 631.txt the quiller memorandum takes place back during the cold war . it represented a time and place in history that was true at that time . it accurately depicts an era that is now gone , that some of us lived through . the movie , by today 's standards , is a little disjointed and incomplete.it jumps to a conclusion but lacks story development how it got there . some scenes must have been edited on the cutting room floor back in the 60 's or 70 's in order to get a g or gp rating . as a result of those incomplete or cut scenes , part of the movie makes no sense . the movie would have been better served if it were produced closer to the author 's original book . the most memorable part of the movie is the haunting score , including matt monroe 's " wednesday 's child " . i was disappointed in viewing this movie again some 20 or 30 years later . perhaps wolfe was right when he said that we can never go home again . quiller must have gotten lost on his way home !
books neg 401.txt i have 50 pages to go and i ca n't wait to finish this boring waste of time . very predictable , sappy , sweet and quite meaningless . i give it a minus 1
music neg 982.txt this whole post crap grunge is crap . if you want real rock check out gnr , acdc , and any band pre grunge . i know this is a review but how does this grab ya . oh and i wo n't mention the thousands of stupid bands that sing like their trying to go to go to the bathroom . & quot ; oh how did we wind up like this ? & quot ; exactly what i 'm trying to figure out . tesla 's got more talent then all these bands and they ca n't get any airplay give me a break
books pos 371.txt what a great upbeat book that still covers the struggles of a child of a divorced family , living in poverty , and being of a mixed race . great great read with a great ending that was n't to unbelievable . it left you with a good feeling even though the struggles of the children were very real . great life lessons as well as cultural lessons in this book
dvd neg 222.txt the acting is so bad in this horror film , prettey corney mov
books neg 75.txt i loved the earlier nevada barr mysteries , with their depiction of national parks and natural dangers . i was n't as happy with some of her latest efforts , but still had n't given up on her . now i 'm not so sure . this latest novel started off well enough although the idea of two severely traumatized girls should have been a clue as to what would follow . the idea that they were from a polygamous mormon sect was a red herring . perhaps it was barr 's attempt to show us how these girls were abused even before they met evil incarnate . the scenes where anna realizes who the real villian is and her interaction with him and the poor tortured third traumatized girl went on for over 60 pages . each scene was more disturbing the one before it . i found myself skimming the pages and still am not sure how she resolved all the loose ends . but i have absolutely no desire to re-read the end of the book and find out . i wish i could say that i would read another nevada barr novel because i so thoroughly enjoyed the first ones . but after reading this disturbing , somewhat convoluted story , i would think twice . if i did pick up another anna pigeon novel , i 'd make sure i had something else to read if the story took another dark turn . i would certainly not stick with it to the end .
health neg 961.txt while the memory foam in this pillow is of good quality and the craftsmanship seems equally good , this pillow is too small to do an adult much good . it is much smaller than you might think and will not serve its intended purpose . it could be perfect perhaps for a child
dvd neg 492.txt wow was that ever awful ! i 'd write more but im busy cleansing my dvd player after loading that steaming pile ! !
software neg 30.txt i purchased partition magic 8.0 based on my previous experience with symantec virus protection and firewall products . i am sorry that i did this as the level of support provided for this product is vastly inferior to that provided by symantec for other products that i have purchased from them . all i wanted was to increase the size of my system partition on my c : drive by getting rid of some free space at the beginning of the drive . i was unsuccessful in ever accomplishing this despite hours on the phone with symantec technical support . i was only able to speak to technical support staff in india who finally told me that they could not solve my problem , but that i would be called back by a senior engineer . it never happened despite repeated promises . i finally gave up and returned the product to symantec for a refund .
health pos 993.txt these wipes are awesome ! they got here real fast too !
books pos 475.txt i am a prekindergarten teacher . this book is a favorite of all of my students both boys and girls . the story has an important moral that all children can learn from . the moral is to be yourself and that you do not need to copy others . stephanie not only does her own thing but stands up for herself . this story gives children the courage to stand up for themselves and to be an individual
books neg 763.txt if you like redon for his vibrant color , look for another book . dream symbolism and spirituality that inspired redon 's imagery are the main topics of this book . most of the many examples are black and white drawings . however , the real magic of redon is his use of color in his mature works . this was not adequately represented .
health pos 403.txt works great but i wish i could find it in stores . the one riteaid that does carry it , does n't always have it in stock . i also can not always find it in just any rite aid . some do n't carry it at all...annoying ! my daughter is the canker sore sufferer . i did some research before i discovered rembrandt , and found that the ingredient , sodium lauryl sulfate , found in almost all toothepastes is the culprate . rembrandt for canker sores does not contain this key ingredient . sodium lauryl sulfate ( sls ) is what makes our toothepaste foam . my daughter hardly ever has anymore canker sore breakouts . if she does , it seems to be from getting a cold . try and find a toothpaste without sls...they are n't out there . it would be nice to have some competition to bring the price down and be more readily available . but all in all , i 'm glad someone has made this product available , even if it 's pricey and hard to find .
software neg 143.txt i installed a perfectly legal upgrade of photoshop cs2. it worked fine for a handful of months , and then it quit . technical support was of no help . i had to reformat my hard drive and essentially rebuild my entire machine . i am so frustrated about this . i probably spent 100 hours with the data backup , moving data , reformatting , and reinstalling . if i were a small business , i would be out of business . all because this piece of crap program , which i purchased legally , decided to quit . totally unacceptable
camera neg 455.txt i was not satisfied with the quality of the digital pictures on this ziga digital frame . i returned it
dvd neg 17.txt they suck ! bad writing and jokes that rely on gimmicks and previously established chapelle humor . it was like watching mind of mencia . two thumbs down , leave this one alone . tupac playing in the club was pretty funny though
software neg 515.txt in the instruction pamphlet under scan tools , there is a list of what the program scans . one of the functions is a registry scanner- - " this is a fast scanner that analyzes the windows registry for traces of known malware . " the bottom line- -i have an infected registry which was discovered by my antivirus program and the spyware doctor does n't know it 's there . i do keep spyware doctor up to date . i 'm still looking for an effective spyware application
books pos 291.txt while peter jay fernandez and jay o . sanders are n't the only actors to narrate the acclaimed cross series , they certainly are among the finest . with a host of television appearances to his credit ( law & order , cosby ) massachusetts born hernandez has also made his mark on broadway in jelly 's last jam and the merchant of venice . his voice has a tad of huskiness , which makes it all the more appealing as cross . in all , fernandez has been featured in almost 12 of the alex cross tales , so he well knows the characters and easily inhabits each scene . to date , jay o . sanders has narrated over 50 audio books , and he 's a perfect voice partner for fernandez . his experience includes off-broadway roles in shakespearean plays , which may account for his remarkably clear diction and easy listening tone . the voices of fernandez and sanders complement one another as they bring one of the most compelling cross stories to life . it 's a painful attention-getter when we listen again to how cross lost his beloved wife , maria - she was shot down before his eyes . her killer was never found ; the case chalked off as another sick drive-by shooting . now , cross has returned to being a psychologist , his children are thriving , and perhaps he may be able to love someone again . however , a telephone call from john sampson , his old partner , changes all that . sampson wants cross 's help in finding a psychopathic serial rapist on the loose in georgetown . of course , cross ca n't say no but little did he realize that this investigation would lead him to a tie-in to maria 's death some years ago . one more rapid paced thriller from the amazing pen of james patterson read by two consummate voice performers . - gail cook
software neg 164.txt im computer literate and regularly use a number of varying programs from visio to logic audio to ms office . after picking up illustrator however , im frustrated by the lack of intuition and steep learning curve the software offers . ive been told that the world revolves around 2 types of people : those who " get " vector graphic programs , and those who errrr...dont . unfortunately , after 10 hours use and much manual reading , i fall into the later category . i dont plan to give up however and plan to enroll in a course . this decision was supported by friends proficient in its use - but who had difficulty demonstrating the complex concepts to me . ( indeed , defining the direction of a drawn curve was as intuitive as metaphsyics or nuclear science ! ) so my advice is this : be extremely carefull if youve never used illustrator before . it may be a breeze to those well versed in its use , but to an absoloute beginner its an extremely difficult program to grasp and you may be dissapointed to find this out after youve forked out your hard earned dollars for it .
books neg 725.txt i bought this book and also last night based upon the gushing reviews you see above . who are they kidding ? the main character is a cad . it is far from " a tour de force " in erotic anything . his short stories in last night are only marginally better . your time is better spent with other authors
music pos 171.txt i recently purchased this cd again . i once owned it on cassette . keith is a real smooth old school type singer and his music and sound has sustained very well since it was released in the early 90's . if you are building an old school collection with great singers this is a good one to have . it 's great for romance or with that special lady . jaye price beltsville md
camera pos 550.txt buy this cable through amazon and you wo n't be sorry . i looked all over the internet and its sometimes hard to find a good company online to buy through and after the manufacture was sold out these cables , a friend told me about amazon , i typed in the cable number and amazon had it in stock . i decided to order this and hope for the best well sure enough the cable arrived on time just like amazon said . i know have a great working usb cable for my digital camera . i order three since all my friends and family always ask to borrow mine and the fact that i need a replacement . if i had the money i would buy five of these . its the fact that me , my family , and friends are always misplacing are cables or losing them . so i order this cable through amazon . its nice to know if i lose my cables i can buy more . ever since i bought these cables i have been making sure i know where i put em . be happy and buy with no worries
software neg 277.txt tough to upgrade if you have an earlier version on your machine . also , poor layout of controls make clicking on wrong button really easy . they still have not gotten it right
dvd neg 7.txt horror movies are a dime a dozen now , and nothing really speical about them anymore . sad to say , considering its probably my faviorte genere . this movie was a disappointment from the start . whoever did editing on this movie needs to be fired . i mean they are standing there talking , and it just cuts away when you think something is going to happen . i didnt watch the whole movie , it sucked that bad . i bought this movie used , and i 'd gladly give it back to the owner free of charge .
camera neg 38.txt to customer before me , you camera d200 might be on recall . please check the nikon website for more info . you have described the exact recall problem . good luck ! btw , have you tried or someone tried this battery on a d70 ? i am thinking to consolidate and have all greys batteries rather than black for the d70 and grays from the d200.
camera pos 566.txt i have the sony battery that came with the camera and bought an additional sony battery that allowed for 2-4 hours . however , i wanted a battery that i could count on for the better part of an " all day " event and i found it in the qm91d . i was asked to photograph a wedding from getting ready ( hair dresser at 0830 , until the end of the reception at 11:30pm ) the qm91d held strong . i did not constantly video tape , but with my digital recorder i had 6 sony 120 tapes ( 60 min digital ) - - 5 were captured using the qm91d . i did switch some of the tapes before they were completely used to make sure i did n't miss important events ... so i never actually used up " all " of the qm91d battery . this battery was used again during the evacuation from houston ( secondary to hurricane rita ) - - i used it entirely and it did not faulter ... it lasted throughout the trip and i had no need to change to the smaller batteries . the size of the battery did not really bother me - - i was aware that it would be larger than the others and it did not hamper the use of the camera . read the manufacturer information on battery life , charging time etc ... for this battery it is valid . i would recommend this battery .
camera neg 111.txt i received the remote this evening and have not been able to get the remote to work with my canon rebel xt camera . followed the directions that were furnished with the remote to no avail . it appears that this remote is defective
dvd neg 663.txt this is not the restored print of dracula 1931 that universal previously released on dvd a few years earlier.if you have that dvd keep it as the quality on this box set is awful.i can only think that whoever was in charge of compiling this did n't bother to look or did n't know that universal had a fully restored copy of this film
software neg 755.txt we purchased this software to map retail locations on a region . it is missing too many features to be usable . for instance , when you import a custom graphic pushpin , the software does n't resize it as you zoom which forces you to create multiple sizes in another program . you can add text description boxes but have no control over the font or sizing - - and they do n't resize either . we highlighted our specific region but the software does n't let you print just that region ( called ' territory . ) we searched the help files and their word ' territory ' is not even listed . you cannot save your map graphics in any standard graphics format , e.g. jpeg , pdf or ai . we tried printing to a pdf generator , but map point 's map output is of very poor resolution even on the highest settings . after wasting a lot of time , it 's apparent we should have tried google maps / earth with our graphics editing software for a solution that works
software neg 850.txt if i could , i would give this negative stars.caveat emptor ! let the buyer beware . i made the horrible and expensive mistake of buying this the beginning of feb. 2007. i had to open the box to realize i needed to load it as administrator . that was beyond my limited knowledge . since it was opened i stupidly believed in their money back guarantee and got a return authorization . it took forever and many calls . they kept on lying on when the refund was mailed . yes , this went into april 2007 ! ! ! ! ! they insisted the mailing date was april 9th . on the 18th i thought i 'd never get it . they stopped payment and maybe issued another . well , i received the $199 ( i am shafted on my state sales tax . ) but because those idiots did n't put the name of my street , it apprently was returned and what i got was postmarked april 16th ! ! ! ! ! and they refuse to rescind the stoppayment . sooooo...i now need to pray i will ever receive the replacement . horrible customer service . i ca n't beleive these people sell accounting and contact software
books pos 37.txt i bought this book just recently and was really touched ( and cried ) by the whole experience that gus had went through . he has lost the one friend that gave him a second chance ( stephanie ) and without her , he could 've been out there on the street again . overall , it 's a good book to read and i always believe that man and animals can be best friends and learn from one another , this book is a genuine prove .
books neg 706.txt i was quite disappointed by this book , i was expecting something with more professional level content . it 's all very amateur however , the artwork used in the examples is sub-professional at best . i was hoping that the book would deal with some of the specific pre-press issues relating to comics artwork , but the chapter there was frustratingly slight . you would be much better to buy a a more general pre-press book . the quality of the packaging and printing were also quite poor for a book that cost this much
health neg 714.txt warning : this system could be harmful to your health and happiness and walls . 1. ) the danged clippy thingy is very difficult to snap on to the hot , damp , roller , so it is very easy to burn fingers while trying to manipulate it . 2. ) this is very frustrating , and made this reviewer want to throw roller and clippy thingy at the wall . 3. ) the sadistic designer only made one way for the you-can't -put-a-square-peg-in-a-round-hole variously sized rollers to be replaced in the unit after use . this puzzle remains unsolved by this reviewer . 4. ) this is very frustrating , and made this reviewer want to throw the whole danged unit , rollers and clippy thingies included , at the wall . 5. ) even if you only use a few of the rollers on your hair , you have to take them all out of the unit - ( the better to play the afore-mentioned puzzle game , my dear ) to dump the unused water out of the unit prior to storage . 6. ) this is very frustrating , and made this reviewer want to throw the whole danged water-filled unit , rollers and clippy thingies included , at the wall . / tundravision , amazon reviewer
software pos 365.txt snapfire and snapfire plus are new photo software from corel . snapfire was recently released as a free download and snapfire plus is a budget priced upgrade which adds more advanced features . the one thing consumers ask for the most is a photo software that is easy to learn and use . corel 's answer is snapfire 's message center . from this one window , you can keep up with the latest news , updates and specials . more importantly , you have easy access to many tips and tutorials . snapfire has automated photo downloading from your camera , memory card or cd . just plug in one of these and the photo downloader automatically starts . you can set download options for how it works . snapfire will automatically rotate your photos when needed , check for and download only the photos added since the last download and automatically delete the photos from your camera after downloading them to the folder of your choice on your hard drive . once your photos are downloaded , you can use quick review to view photos in full screen mode and use the floating toolbar for tasks such as adding photo information , ratings and captions or starting photo fix . snapfire 's photo doctor analyzes your photos and makes suggestions for quick fix . with photo fix , you can pan , zoom and make corrections such as brightness , contrast and focus . other photo adjustment features , which are similar to those included in corel 's popular paint shop pro , include fix red eye , rotate and crop ( with a floating toolbar ) . other features borrowed from paint shop pro include easy-to-use organizing with sort by , search and calendar search . snapfire also has ways to enhance your photos including black & white and sepia color effects . the photo tray is a really nice feature which you can use to drag and drop your photos into a common location , grouping them together for a project , emailing to family and friends or printing . snapfire has a really cool and special way to email photos . its called snapfire show . after you select the photos you wish to send , snapfire will automatically create a slide-show with built-in transitions , music and motion effects . your photos are resized and embedded into the body of the email or added as an attachment . printing your photos is easy and fool-proof with the built-in layouts including standard 4 x 6 , 5 x 7 , 8 x 10 , 3.5 x 5 , wallet size and contact sheets . snapfire will automatically use your default printer settings or you can change the settings or printer as needed . if you choose to order prints online instead , you can do so with one click of your mouse and the photo upload dialog box . you can also use snapfire to work with your videos . just click on a video 's thumbnail to view and edit the video in full screen mode . you can even grab a frame from your video and convert it into a photo . for crafters , snapfire has several built-in project templates for album pages , greeting cards , calendars and collages . creating a project is as easy as dragging your photos onto the template and using the basic tools to make adjustments , add text captions and position photos . a trial version of snapfire plus ( se ) comes packaged with the newest upgrade of paint shop pro photo xi or can be downloaded from the corel website
music pos 472.txt i bought this because i thought this cd would be nice to listen to in the car while on out and about . i love that our 2 1 / 2 year old daughter who is from china loves this cd and will request it " chinese flute " please . this is just one way to keep her heritage alive and expose her to different kinds of music beyond the wiggles & lilo & stitch cd . i would have liked to have had more information on the songs like what province of china . but not having this information really does not lessen the rating of 5 stars ! our family thinks this is an excellent cd
music neg 800.txt this cd shocked me . at first i was listening and enjoying the beats on every track . but then listening to the actual content of each song , b*tch this and h*e that . come on , as a young female , how am i supposed to bump this in my car ? every single song on the cd is disrespectful . you know what really makes me mad , this is what 's supposed to be hot , popular . what kind of message is this sending to our young black men ? our young women ? i would not recommend this for any one , especially anyone under the age of 16 or any woman .
dvd neg 689.txt i could n't watch this till the end . bad production values , gimmicky , desperate to make a point about violence and voyeurism and evil and wanting to make it evah so clevah while my neurons slowly commit suicide from the nnui . if you wanna go all deep thoughts on violence and still get shaken - both intelectually and viscerally - try something like miike 's " ichi the killer " . makes this movie look so , so needless . the leading man looked geeky and occasionally cute . 2 stars for the eye candy
camera pos 54.txt i 'd be stating the obvious and preaching to the choir if i said that care of lenses for slr cameras required a decent lens cap . this one snaps into 58mm threads on the end of many lenses ( canon and otherwise ) , so just be sure to confirm that that it 's the proper size for your lens
health pos 415.txt i think it nice for me , make my eyes relax after long-time working before computer
camera pos 651.txt i am extremely happy with this purchase ! i love the 10x zoom when taking pics of my kids
books neg 582.txt phil jackson groupie and sometime espn.com writer charley rosen turns in a fun , but sometimes off-putting fictionalized account of minor league basketball life . he develops the characters well and puts forth a decent plot . however , rosen 's personal oddities drag the book down . rosen is absolutely obsessed with bodily functions and he repeatedly goes into way too much detail about farting , urination , defacation , etc. at times , the book reads like an immature third grader 's delight . my roommates and i all read it and the general consensus was that the book was enjoyable , but charley rosen is a really weird guy
camera pos 233.txt excellent choice to make a great job .
health pos 733.txt these are hands down , the most awesome pillows , we have ever owned . they were originally suggested by a chiropractor at $60 per pillow , however at the time , a " water bed pillow " for $60 just sounded silly . what brought me back around to these pillows , was the year-long search that my wife and i had been on for the perfect pillows . one of her beloved cats managed to destroy our previous and quite comfortable pillows , which subsequently caused us to get caught up in the frustrating search for the perfect pillow . we spent a year , buying this pillow and that pillow , all to no avail . then one day i rolled the dice , and bought a pair of these pillows with the covers . the covers actually make the dish . these are the most comfortable pillows that i have ever slept on in my 42 years on this planet ! ! ! these pillows rate 10 stars ! ! ! just follow the directions and enjoy the best nights sleep you have ever had . i do not work for , nor own this company , although after using their product i wish i did ! ! ! our pillows are about three months old so far , and holding up exceptionally well . they recommend you change the water every six months or so , depending on what type of water you put in . the pillow is about half to three quarters cushion , with the water being the bottom layer . they seal tight and do not leak . there is no audible sound from the water in the pillow , as if you follow the directions , they will instruct you on how to expel excess air . these pillows and of those black & decker scissors , have to be my two best finds for 2006 ! !
camera neg 456.txt another lense jam problem . the lense cover accidentally slide open in my pocket , and the lense extended and jammed . this happened frequently with my old powershot s30 but never caused a problem . canon said the warranty is void because there 's a tiny dent on the front and back . they said any physical damage voids the warranty . i complained that the camera has an all metal body which dings easily . they gave me 20% off the repair
dvd pos 62.txt this is my favorite movie . i like it all : screenplay , director , actors , etc. believe it brilliant
camera pos 440.txt i am a photographer and i am always running down my batteries.. . i have n't found one so cheap as i did here . thank you amazon. .
music pos 556.txt ice cube is back for his 6th solo with the peace disc . this may be my favorite album from cube ( close with " lethal injection " ) . his lyrics are much different then his first few albums and the beats changed with tthe times but it 's still nice to hear from cube . with 13 songs , none ar ebad , 5 are ok , 1 is almost a classic and the rest are good . guests are on 4 songs so you still get enough cube to satisfy you . production is decent as well , chuckey thompson & one eye each do 3 songs , puff daddy , younglord , bud'da , battlecat , dr. dre , t-bone and charley bear all do 1 song . a must have album for fans of ice cube . #1 - 8.5 ( f / mc ren & dr. dre - - n.w.a. reunion ) #3 - 8.5 #4 - 8.5 ( f / jayo felony , gangsta from the comrads and squeek ru ) #5 - 7.5 ( 1 minute intro before he raps ) #7 - 8.5 ( nice beat ) #8 - 9.5 ( f / krayzie bone - - nice beat ) #9 - 7.5 ( f / mack 10 & ms. toi - - also on the " next friday " soundtrack ) #11 - 8.5 ( nice beat ) #12 - 7 #13 - 7 #15 - 7.5 #16 - 8 ( good beat ) #17 - 8 o'shea jackson - - b. 6 / 15 / 69 check all my review
software pos 866.txt this anti-virus ( and everything else ) software was highly recommended by my company 's network tech . for stand-alone computer home use , it is significantly better than any others ( especially norton ) because it is not a memory hog , so does n't slow your machine down .
health pos 178.txt my husband tried this after i bought it and he loves it . it is a great remedy for a hangover or even just a bad morning . it is very hard to find in most drugstores . now i just buy it on the internet . i 've even recommended it to friends who now swear buy it
books pos 861.txt a classic ! i loved paddington as a child and i 'm thrilled to have this in our cd collection . ( i 'd even listen without the kids ! ) . stephen fry reads the stories very well
camera pos 682.txt the controls on this camera are not hard to figure out.it is fun to have all the little things you can do with the pictures and being 12 almost 13 , photogerphy is somthing i love to do with this camera.if you think this camera is to complicated , well you didnt read the instruction guide very well
music neg 465.txt the restoration of a vivaldi opera must be a commendable effort specially if filling in big voids and rebuilding major missing parts of the masterpiece . motezuma is such an example where ample musical and artistic license was taken to bring it to life . like restoring a canvas where not only the colors and forms had faded but also sizeable parts were ripped off and lost , reconstructing motezuma presents the challenge for the restorer of thinking and dreaming , and becoming as inspired as vivaldi . in listening to motezuma , one can pick up the original vivaldian compositions from the reconstructed material as clear as looking at a combination painting part picasso part michelangelo . as much as such painting can be taxing to the eye , portions of this opera can be as disappointing to the ear . except for several arias and the two sinfonias , the music has a touch and taste of the 1800 's , but not of the baroque settecento . the juxtaposition of the restorative style is also distractive , and just does not work . it makes at times the orchestration devoid of the vivaldi unf , charm , and texture . nonetheless , motezuma 's musical beauty can be found in great arias such as d'ira e furor armato , la figlia lo sposo , gl'otraggi della sorte , d'ove la figlia ? , s'impugni la spada , and performances by vito priante , inga kalna , and marijana mijanovic . bravo for vito priante and his interpretation of gi'otraggi della sorte , and d'ove la figlia . he does a great ornamentation in the da capos , and turns up the volume in all the right notes . just like " terribile lo sento " , and " orribile lo scempio " , " gi'otraggi " shares the same musicalization . somehow , this version of the score is especially more dramatic and subtlely more melodic .
health neg 776.txt i recently purchased this product and i found the motor power to belacking and the tweezer heads dont work as well as the emjoi ap99 aka optima gold . the price for these two items are the same so if u want the best for the same money , dont get this one , get the ap99 model instead
dvd pos 985.txt this movie is nothing special , it 's not super awesome but it 's still good . i 'm the triple shot gun thing is awesome and it 's fairly gory . if you 're into dead alive , cannibal holocaust , the return of the living dead movies , and just cheap funny / gory zombie movies i recomend this movie
dvd pos 198.txt i am saying this as an italian american myself. . quit bashing the show because it portrays are small portion of italian americans. . its a tv show and a darn good one..it does not portray us all like that...just this mob family..so quit being so sensitive and lighten up frances...and ps..i do not care if this was help or not either !
camera neg 779.txt it takes too long to focus and shoot ! this , coupled with the very long time it takes to write to the memory card , well , it is horrible . people who write in saying they did n't notice the the slow focus and writing , must be either paid by nikon or total nubs . do not buy this camera . it did take decent movies , and the size is nice
dvd pos 761.txt i 'm not sure why i never watched " ghost " before until last night . for some reason , i did n't pay much heed to it when it was first released and never thought it was worth watching on tv . i 'm glad i gave it a chance because this is a good movie . what makes it good is its ' skillful mixture of suspense , romance , comedy , and the supernatural . that would seem to be too much to tackle for one movie but we get it all in the right balance . i was drawn rather quickly into the movie and got to where i could n't wait to see what was coming next . there were a few " convenient " capabilities that these ghosts had that were necessary for the story to work . i 'm a rather pragmatic person but , by the time these things came up , i was so caught up in the story that i wanted these things to be possible . obviously , the writer and director deserve accolades for their work and the actors do as well . i wanted to make note of the quality of acting because it was probably the cast that left me uninterested in watching " ghost " . i was prepared to be unimpressed in particular with whoopie goldberg so i want to confess that i thought her best supporting actress oscar was well-deserved . i figure that i was one of the last persons in america to see " ghost " but if there are others of you out there who still have n't seen it , give it a look ; it 's well worth it
books pos 142.txt miller knows his subjects ( the people ) and his subject ( their desperation ) with a clarity and fearlessness that most people would prefer to avoid . viewing his photographs are no easier a task than living wholly and honestly . skinheads , speedfreaks , tenderloin whores , friends and neighbors . lucid , terrifying , and ultimately beautiful photographs from a man of the same qualities
books pos 219.txt this was a very revealing look into how steroids played a role in baseball player success starting in the 1980s . this was an influential book which began a congressional search into the use of steroids in baseball .
dvd pos 547.txt the economy , austerity and directness of the films of fritz lang made him one of the most profound , and precise filmmakers.. . lang , a master of the german expressionist film , shot his first talkie , a crime drama considered a landmark in the story of suspense movies.. . it was a shocking idea for its time , based on the real-life killer peter kurten , headlined as the vampire of dsseldorf.. . ' m ' is about a terrorized city , and a plump little man with wide eyes ( often chewing candy ) who is a pathological child-killer , unable to control his urge for killing.. . the film embodies several lang themes : the duality between justice and revenge , mob hysteria , the menacing anticipation of watching a helplessly trapped individual trying fruitlessly to escape as greater forces move inexorably in , and , for probably the first time in the cinema , it adds a new dimension to suspense : pity.. . for the killer is clearly mentally sick.. . he cannot overcome the overwhelming compulsion of his murderous disease , and yet , we see him hunted down and almost lynched as a criminal , rather than treated as a sick man.. . early in the film , the killer is heard whistling the grieg theme from ' in the hall of the mountain king' . this theme inexorably becomes imbued with menace.. . and when we see no more than a girl looking in a shop window , the melody on the sound-track told us chillingly that the murderer is there , just out of sight.. . the murderer is played by peter lorre in a virtuoso performance that has barely been matched in all the thrillers he has made since ' casablanca , ' ' the maltese falcon , ' and ' the mask of dimitrios . ' when the photographs of his victims , all little girls , are shown to him , he jumps back and twitches with horror.. . with powerful visuals , lang 's motion picture is lorre 's first film.. . his performance as the corpulent , hunted psychopath is a masterpiece of mime and suggestion.. . lorre is the archetypal outsider-outside the law and society because of his compulsive crimes , outside the balancing society of the underworld because he is not a professional criminal.. . he had only twelve lines of dialog.. . in the most famous of all about a pathological killer - alfred hitchcock 's ' psycho ' - anthony perkins lacked not only the threat of the tortured peter lorre , but also the dimension of invoking our incredulous sympathy.. . ' psycho ' reeked with blood and horror , whereas the suspense of ' m ' is subtle.. . a child 's balloon without an owner , a rolling ball , are enough to tell us that another murder had been committed.. . the audience , trapped in its seats , torn by ambivalent feelings towards the killer , watched him trapped as the net is pulled tight.. .
software pos 972.txt if you 're looking to create the next doom 3 or half-life 2 , then i ca n't really recommend this program . if you want to make an advanced fps game , or a simple pong game , then i can recommend dark basic . in fact , dark basic professional is probably capable of creating any kind of game that you can come up with . the catch ? you have to program it yourself , all from scratch . dark basic makes manipulating 3d data extremely easy , but it 's not a game creation package which lets you click and create . if you are determined enough , it 's easy to learn all of dark basic 's commands , as half of programming a game is in the logic . dark basic will hardly limit you , and will give you capabilities that were probably impossibly hard for you to use in c++. the end result of creating a game from scratch results in a tremendous sense of satisfaction , especially when you share it with friends and family . although previous versions of dark basic professional had some hardly crippling bugs , most of them have been eliminated , and with the release of upgrade 6.0 , dbpro is a very stable development engine . overall , i totally recommend this to anyone who wants to create a game , but is determined enough to learn how
camera pos 539.txt the case is beautiful leather . seems sturdy and well made . would have been more functional if the belt holder was open ended , i thought . i ordered it for my son , but found it very feminine when it arrived . i had to give it to someone else
dvd neg 418.txt i 've always been a fan of roger moore 's james bond , but what i 've discovered in recent years is that only a couple of his bond movies were , like , actually good . " the spy who loved me " is not one of them . oh , sure , it 's fun - - almost all of the bond flicks are fun - - but it 's basically just a kid 's movie , and that 's not necessarily a good thing . ( 1 ) stromberg is a lame villain . yes , his underwater lair is well-designed , but it 's silly . not as silly as that ice palace in " die another day , " but pretty silly . ( 2 ) barbara bach is one of the very worst bond girls . she 's not an ugly woman , to be sure , but she was a terrible actress ; she sounds like she 's reading - - poorly - - from a cue card in ever single scene she 's in . ( 3 ) jaws is a stupid character . having metal teeth would n't actually make you capable of biting through metal . the metal you were biting would resist , and you 'd end up just tearing up your gums . i do n't expect realism from 007 movies , but i also expect them to not be outright idiotic . ( that said , jaws is effectively used , and richard kiel was excellent in the role . ) ( 4 ) the disco score is terrible . terrible . ( 5 ) the plot is nothing more than a rehash of " you only live twice , " but on the ocean rather than in space . certain elements of the big final shootout are even the same in both movies ! embarrassing . i love bond , but this is not one of the highlights . the dvd is good , with a couple of fine documentaries , but the commentary track grates , because the director and other commentators spend way too much time patting themselves on the back for the great job they supposedly did . even if that were true , it 'd be annoying
dvd pos 77.txt sorry , after reading some negative reviews i just had to speak up . this movie was one of the best movies i have ever seen . i still to this day watch it over and over again . well directed , some of the best acting i have seen , and my god the cast in this movie , the list of stars is endless . the courtroom scenes were so intense , i envey anyone who has not seen this yet . the story was perfect and so many surprises and turns . really well done . this movie is worth every penny , i just wish i would of got to see it in the movies . it is the most powerful movie i have ever seen , how can anyone say this movie was not good , i guess they just ca n't handle the truth. .
camera neg 450.txt dont bother upgrading your power shot camera...just buy a better one . the zoom lens ads a whole 5 ft to the view before the pixels become a big issue
software pos 141.txt i started with elements 3 and thought it worked great . i have elements 4 and can see it got better .
health pos 617.txt i used the huggies overnite diapers on my son at night until we started potty training . i used to put absorbent inserts inside his pull-ups to get him through the night without leaks , but even that did n't work very well . finally , huggies came out with an overnight pull-up - and it really works well ! ! ! excellent product
camera pos 509.txt after 2+ years , the camera 's original battery was losing its ability to hold a charge . this replacement battery arrived promptly , fit easily and was fully charged in a couple of hours . i wish i had replaced the battery sooner , instead of constantly worrying about running out of battery power
music neg 497.txt this is the perfect cd for taking a nap to . it 's mostly full of slow pop and rock . if you 're a fan of this type of music , i recommend this cd , but if not , do n't buy it . there are only a few good tracks . all star , bad reputation , i 'm a believer , stay home . and i do n't enjoy buying a cd that only 1 / 3 of it is good . so , i would n't buy it , if i were you .
health pos 375.txt the best sports bar around . great taste , organic , contains plenty of antioxidants , and contains a good amount of protein . the only down side is the high amount of carbs , especially the sugars , but i still give it five stars
camera neg 96.txt i agree with m. arse with the 2star rating . i was disappointed with this camera from the beginning . not a user friendly one and the pictures turn out very grainy with bad color quality unless you are in an optimum light . i 'm interested in the 7 mp camera canon offers . i 've read that it has much better shutter speed . recommended ? ?
books neg 112.txt i had never read any of vernor vinges books before , but i had heard he was an excellent author , so i thought i would try this . boy , am i glad i bought it used on amazon for about only $4. i simply had no idea what was going on in this novel . the plot is unintelligible . i dont know what the bioweapon the jacket refers to is ? i dont know what " the rabbit " is . i see that numerous other reviews here , did not know what was going on either . i do not understand how someone could write so incoherently . the concept of someone who had alzheimers getting cured & entering a future society is great - but it never goes anywhere . the only reason i did not fall asleep , was that i was trying to figure out what was going on , but i did could not even finish this book
books neg 410.txt i enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts , but i did n't even make it through the first chapter before i put this book down in disgust . almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments . as i was flipping through the book , i found x-rated pictures and drawings that i would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book . i never would have bought this book if i had seen it in a bookstore , and i regret throwing it in the trash before i could see if i could get my money back
dvd pos 396.txt i just wanted to say this is a great workout . i love the eastern dance styles . i have just written a long review of honey 's bollywood workout , and people were saying the same things , too fast etc...but indian dance is taught by imitation , and is very expressive facially and bodily ( especially the classical dances ) and open to improv . bollywood and bhangra are an extension of classical . most do n't realize eastern dance is learned and practiced in a vigorous manner imitating , learning , and memorizing from the beginning . the teachers of the classical and indian dances do not like to break up the steps and movement or slow them unless they are so , because you lose the inspiration and the feeling of whatever you may be portraying . so have fun with this , it 's awesome and leaves room for your own interpretation of things as mentioned . and it really wears you out . plus everyone looks great dancing and celebrating the movement and abilities of the body no matter the dance form ! but i find eastern to be the most passionate , feminine , beautiful , and divine . have fun
dvd pos 390.txt i 'll start out by saying that i prefer the jason movies . i think the whole body count is a fun way to watch a horror movie . the freddy movies are good horror movies , but they 're not really slashers like i thought they would be . - a nightmare on elm street - a great , classic horror movie by wes craven . he creates good high school characters , although trying to prove that they 're only 15 years old is a little far-fetched . freddy is more horrific and scary , he does n't say much . - a nightmare on elm street 2 : freddy 's revenge - they were asking for it when they completely changed the style and rules of freddy in this sequel . many will disagree , but i do n't think it 's a bad movie , it 's just very dark and horrific . - a nightmare on elm street 3 : dream warriors - definately a step up from part 2. it goes back to the roots of the original film and brings back nancy , who is now studying dreams and sleep in a mental hospital . the style brings us back to the original movie with the same rules and objectives . - a nightmare on elm street 4 : the dream master - decent entry in the series carrying over characters from #3 and introducing all new characters . the story does n't flow as easily this time around and it 's a step down from part 3 , but still good . - a nightmare on elm street 5 : the dream child - stephen hopkins ' visual style makes this the best sequel in the series . freddy is hilarious and the special effects are great . the story is more interesting than part 4 and the characters have matured since that movie which is good . - freddy 's dead - the final nightmare - cheesy storyline trying to tell us that in 10 years there will be no kids left in an american town ? rachel talalay thinks the 3-d effects in the film are lame , but not that story element ? if it were n't for the interesting backstory on freddy , this would n't be a good movie . - wes craven 's new nightare - wes craven did succeed in making an interesting and well made horror movie here , but it is a little strange to include it in the rest of the series . better watched on its own and not consecutively with the other movies . - nightmare encyclopedia - alot of interviews that are n't edited very interestingly make for a decent special features disk . it 's good to see that these interview are n't self serving at all and they 're completely retrospective , it would 've been nice to hear more from heather langenkamp , or possibly johnny depp ? this is a great set for extreme fans and a good set for casual fans . i 'm a huge fan of the alien series and a pretty big fan of the predator series , but not as much as alien . i would say that i 'm now a huge fan of jason and a good sized fan of freddy in comparison to alien / predator . i do recommend these movies , but this enormous box with annoying cardboard cases is outdated for today
camera pos 480.txt the battery is great and it 's pretty nice to own two of these , so when one battery is discharged i can just pop in the spare . it was in stock and delivered to me in a reasonable amount of time
music neg 206.txt anyone who rates this more than one star has mental deficiencies . seriously
music pos 252.txt like many amazon reviewers , i play a teensy bit of guitar . i know just enough to know how incredible these guys are . this is the best , most exciting acoustic playing i 've heard since al dimeola cut " race with devil on spanish highway " on his elegant gypsy suite lp . watching the del castillo brothers shred on the dvd part of this set will assure that i do n't get anywhere near my guitar for a long time . since robert rodriguez ( desperado , spy kids , etc ) filmed the performances , we get appallingly good , tight shots of the fretwork . people , it ca n't be done . i will henceforth concentrate on harmonica , and try to forget that sugar blue does about the same level of impossibility on that instrument . the songs and playing come from a somewhat traditional latin , mexicano perspective , but the overall sound is more like santana when carlos goes acoustic . the " hidden track " on the cd most overtly shows that the del castillo brothers love their blues and rock almost as much as the latin roots music . this is an obvious buy for anyone who enjoys latin music or great guitar work of any style , but it is more accurate to say that anyone who is not totally averse to this style should check it out . the quality of music here really transcends the genre
camera neg 22.txt i purchased this bag because i did not wnat to spend a ton of money on a case to protect my canon rebel eos digital camera . i only have 2 lenses , but the bag is capable of holding the camera and 4 lenses as well as pockets for cables , batteries , etc. i think this is a great unit , for the beginner ( like me ) or the pro .
camera neg 169.txt i received this filter and it had been used , seals were open and case that holds filters cracked , piece of plastic floating loose inside , smug marks on it . i was shocked , i order from amazon all the time and never had anything show up like this .
camera neg 811.txt cons only , no pros : the velcro closure is week and opens easily terrible look the side zippers are a mistery , totally useless no space for extra memory or battery attaches only to a very small belt the flash opens spontaneously while inserting the camera in its pouch making it difficult to get it out later on and probably damaging the flash
camera neg 728.txt made the mistake of taking this camera on a trip to the pool ! ! pictures were horrible . eye piece is the biggest pain ! ! do n't buy this piece of junk . if you want great , good , wonderful pictures , buy the fuji quicksnap camera . kodak could have done much , much better
dvd neg 864.txt no no no ! ! ! dvd technology is for quality image and movie collectors . this time artisan did not pay respect . i think it 's the worst dvd in my collection . bad transfer , full frame and etc
camera neg 985.txt i got this charger with my sd110 , and within a few months , it stopped working ; it was obviously a battery problem . the battery is n't the best quality either , but when i got a new one , the problem persisted . so obviously it 's the charger .
music neg 843.txt this is probably the worst cd i have ever bought . it had won some award and just bought it without listening to it , hopping that it would be ok . i listened to it and threw the cd in the trashbin . waist of money or just not my kind of music
health neg 760.txt fails at it most basic function : to provide a non-leaking seal . you might as well throw the top away and just use your hand to cover the top
camera pos 520.txt an excellent purchase that lives up to the sony name . my main concern before buying it was that it would swivel enough that i could point my mini-camera straight down to take macro photos of documents . it does this easily , and the legs do n't get in the way . it 's small enough to chuck in my backpack and take it all the time in case i need it , and it has its own little sturdy fabric carrying bag so that it does n't get tangled up in anything else . overall , i would rate it as excellent
camera neg 854.txt this case is good for protecting your camera from nicks and scratches caused by storing it in purses , briefcases or luggage . but do n't count on it to protect your camera from falls , dirt or dust . it looks good , the powershot logo gives an authentic look to it
health neg 823.txt i made the mistake of buying this light to treat my acne without first talking to my dermatologist about it . after just using it three times my acne became more out of control than it had in years- -my face broke out in places it had never broken out before . it took me two months of using medication from my doctor to get my acne under control . i would not recommend using this device unless a doctor says it would work for you
camera pos 626.txt i have a canon eos rebel which takes fantastic pictures . i use it around home and when i am setting up static shots such as family portraits . the only problem is...who wants to lug it around to take snapshots . despite some of the above opinions about lack of sharpness , i have had no such problems . the 5900 is great for " grab " shots and it 's not too shabby for setting up a planned shot using it 's advanced controls . be sure that you buy a fast memory card . this will reduce the time between shots . as in most cameras , a memory card is not supplied with the camera . mr. goyal 's review about not being able to take pictures without a memory card is not true . you can take a limited number of shots with the internal memeory . the only real problem i have is the red-eye reduction feature . i usually turn it off as the delay between the " red-eye " flash and the main flash is too long . the subjects often think the shot is over and start to move . anyway it is easy enough to remove it later , either with photo-software or with the photo kisok in the drug store
books neg 358.txt i have yet to read a true grisham thriller , but i plan to in the near future . having said that , i have no idea how this compares , but i did n't really care for it . it 's cute and has a sort of slapstick humor that i could n't get into . i felt like i was reading a teen or children 's book , and i do n't like feeling so patronized when i read unless i knowingly pick up a picture book ready for the simplicity of a good message- -even then , i do n't usually feel patronized or " written down to " . it 's simple writing and a simple plot . it 's lighthearted and thus a light read . i imagine many people would enjoy it ; i just could n't get into it . :o
camera neg 201.txt very disappointed by canon on the fit of this adapter . adapater and shade attachments block camer lens view and create flash shadows
camera pos 175.txt though the lenses for my nikon d50 were not as expensive as some can be they still were several hundred dollars and having this uv protection filter protecting the lens glass made a whole lot of sense . i feel less stress when i clean the filter lens than if i was wiping dust and dirt from the actual lens glass . this size , 52mm , was what was specified for my d50 and it fits perfectly , as it should . i have no complaints at all with the manufacturer or the seller . if you are new to digital slr 's like i was then get this filter to protect your lens . and spend your time worrying about the sensor when you need to switch out your lens .
software neg 403.txt this is the stupidest game i ever saw for sale - my kids laughed at how poorly the graphics and story were . what a complete waste
camera neg 648.txt i received the lens adapter but there was no info on how to use it . it screws in over the regular zoom lens but offers absolutely nothing to the use of the kodak dx6490. i suspect there are additional filters or other accessories that might make the adapter useful and hope to find out what they may be in the near future . the lens adapter by itself , does n't seem to add anything to the use of the camera without something else ? ? ? ben boykin , las cruces , nm 8801
software neg 100.txt i used version 8 and 9 and never experienced a problem . version 10.latest version is terrible . crash and burn . do n't take their advice and re-install your operating system . its their software and not the os . amazon and pinnacle ( avid ) continue to sell this product even though its terrible . i read it was re-written for version 10 and they ca n't get it right . nonetheless , they still charge full price and for support calls . the upgrade should have been free . there are several good products now so pinnacle is n't your only choice . i changed to sony vegas and am very happy but it does a have a learning curve . for super simple try ulead or one of the others .
health neg 678.txt the concept is cute , although the size makes it a bit difficult to store when you are not wearing them , but the main problem is that they give you hat hair , compressing your hairstyle with the band that surrounds your head . regular glasses go in between the hairs , so everything fluffs out . if you never take off your reading glasses , have a buzz cut , are bald or otherwise wear your hair flat against your head ( but be careful of buns ) , the clic connect reader may be fine for you . otherwise , conventional glasses are a better bet
software neg 784.txt the upgrade is $75 cheaper and you do n't need to have a previous install of windows to get it to work . simply do the following : 1. boot with the windows vista upgrade dvd . 2. click " install now . " 3. do not enter a product key when prompted . 4. when prompted , select the vista product edition that you do have . 6. install vista normally . 7. once the install is complete , restart the dvd-based setup from within windows vista . perform an in-place upgrade . 8. enter your product key when prompted . this is according to microsoft 's internal documentation , and reported by paul thurrott at windows it pro
books pos 988.txt it is over a hundred dollars but put it off this is the book . you wo n't need any others
software pos 997.txt the hard-copy of britannica has been the standard in reference for centuries , now you can have all of that , with video , audio , tons of photos , and extra support from the web for a fraction of the price of the original . for what you get , it 's an incredible deal and an indispensable part of any reference library
dvd pos 250.txt great movie ! delivery of the order came in good time . this 2-disc collector 's edition comes with some interesting extras . i found the offtakes / blubbers to be in bad taste , but the rest of the extras were worth seeing . personnally i would avoid watching the extras that describe the making of the movie . although it is interesting to watch , especially for those wanting to go into the movie making business , i find that it then takes away from the enjoyment of watching the movie itself . just my personal preference . no doubt others will have different opinions
dvd pos 862.txt i remember putting season 9 as the worst season of friends in my book , but it 's not as bad as i remembered . some episodes are actually incredibly funny . the faux pas was when they started to have aisha tyler guess star as charlie , and have her come between joey and ross . also , the whole story line with rachel 's infatuation for joey could 've been better executed , or should n't have been there at all . it got bad towards the end , but i 'm not disappointed . the stuff leadings towards it was classic friends
software pos 339.txt i discovered my ms office had a bug in it , and came that way from the factroy . i looked word over and it was clean . then the program itself . it does everything and well , and it does it without the tracking bug on it
camera pos 945.txt after springing for the cybershot in august so i could have a compact camera i would actually take places , i 've been very , very pleased . the last camera i had was an older sony dsc that was quite bulky , ran on batteries , and had shutter problems- -but it took great quality pictures and the interface and features were perfect , so i thought i would go for the dsct5 , since it avoids all of those problems . only a tiny battery to charge , no sticky shutter.. . and it 's sexy as hell . the screen is huge and very bright . i hate taking pictures with flash in general , and i find that the flash makes nasty redeye more often than not with this camera . ( and the camera gives you the impression you cant change shutter speed or anything ) however ! you can easily change this by going into the over / under exposure options and under exposing your photos when you are in dark environments . they come out surprisingly well and blur-free
books pos 568.txt i 'm writing this before reading the whole book but its a collection of articles so the different chapters are discrete units under a common theme of the economies of the arab world with a good deal on the economies of their oil producing gcc members . reading this book more than twenty years after it was published is fascinating as so many of the issues and repercussions mentioned have either come true or held true and the state of the region has not improved considerably but even regressed in many cases . consider the following excerpt from the book that i found interesting : " the oil states today face tremendous challenges , as oil revenues start to decline . few expected that the decline would come so soon . everybody knew it would come , but it was expected later rather than sooner . " this is almost like seeing history repeat itself in real time . worth a look if you 're interested in the field
music neg 741.txt thr pros about this album s that there alot of tight rappers and beats the cons about this album is that clue calls himself a dj but he 's a dumb phony who does n't know when to shut his mouth all he does is yell out throughout the whole album saying stupid stuff and giving shoutouts while the rappers rap he nees o shut up an lets us hear the song if u want this album still , go copy it off the net cause the is not worth the money ohyeah he dose n't even scratc
health pos 805.txt omgosh i cannot tell you how much i love this straightener . it makes my hair so soft its like baby bottom soft or when u sand wood for a really really long time . i love it . i use it everymorning. . at night i use the wet setting to dry off my hair and then in the mroning i finish it off with the dry settting . but i also use sunsilk pink bottle 24 / 7 creme . its an absolute must-have . to the person who gave it one star. . maybe yours was a defect . im sure everyone else who has rated it so far loved it . did you straighten it section by section ? it doesnt work if you do it all at once . i recommend this straightener ! its not that expensive and also makes a great christmas gift . looks nice too . enjoy
dvd pos 191.txt this is without a doubt , one of harrison fords greatest moments . an incredible film with some of the best visual effects i 've ever seen . very dramatic with a lot of suspense . a very well written plot and an all star cast make this a very enjoyable experience to view . a film you will want to see again and again . action , mystery , drama , thriller . there are a lot of goofs in this film if you are into looking for such , but they do n't in any way detract from the overal quality of this very well done suspense drama . i highly recommend it
camera pos 22.txt i like using a tripod with my long zoom lens , and this device has really added to my hobby . the remote is perfect for taking pictures of birds in my birdbath and squirrels and other critters in my yard . i personally do n't like cables , i do n't like dealing with them . this is just right for my purposes . the remote is also better for taking pics of people . it is much better than a timer in my opinion since i can move people in and out easier and more efficiently , taking pictures more quickly . this gives me so much more control than using a timer .
books neg 588.txt this book devotes from 4 to 9 pages to every american president . each individual section includes a brief summary of the president 's successes and failures while in office . the " secrets lives " aspect includes a description of his temperament , character and personal habits . for example , john adams is said to have been vain and irritable , while frankin pierce is depicted as an alcoholic . also much oddball trivia is mentioned , such as that george washington had dentures made of hippo bone rather wood . the biographical information is at least somewhat educational , especially on the lesser known presidents such as millard fillmore and zachary taylor . but most people who study history will already known much of what is written here . the truth is that o'brien is not an actual presidential historian with scholarly credentials . but rather a freelance writer who apparently just read a few books , such as " the reader 's companion to the american presidency , " and then gathered together the bits he thought would be the most scandalous and entertaining . also o'brien provides no original research and some of what he reports as being factual is still subject to debate among scholars . however , what i found most disturbing about this book is o'brien 's tone and attitude . his so-called " humorous style " is basically a series of lame wisecracks and insults directed against the various presidents , especially those he dislikes . for example , he jokingly suggests that andrew jackson had " some unknown frontal lobe damage " . i have no problem challenging the policy decisions of a particular president . in fact , i disagree with much of jackson 's presidential agenda , especially his bigoted policies directed against american indians . however , i also think it is possible to have political disagreements without resorting to the sort of cheapshots that o ' brien uses . overall , i found the book to be juvenile , mean-spirited and overly negative . there are many better researched and well written books on presidential history out there . so do n't waste your time on this one .
camera pos 624.txt this is the perfect gift for any occasion.i bought one for my husband for his birthday and he took it to work next thing you know everyone was on here buying theirselves one.it is a very easy thing to load pics on and hook up to your tv.he sales cars and hes got his on his desk showing his family off and cars that they also have on the lot for the older people who are unable to withstand the heat so they sit right at his desk and check every car out on his digital frame.i give this frame an a++++++
camera pos 652.txt i owned a kodak for awhile and was pleased with the pictures however , my husband accidently fell while ice skating and broke my camera . my family , knowing i love to take pictures , decided to replace my camera , but this time with a sony cybershot . i have never been more unhappy with a camera . needless to say , i finally decided to purchase this kodak z650 and am so pleased with the results and pictures . i am not a professional photographer , just someone who likes to take photos of my kids , pets , flowers , vacation spots , etc. my sony was horrible at action shots and if you had any movement what so ever , the photo appeared blurry . having kids , that is n't an option . i gave that camera to my daughter to do whatever she wanted with it . the kodak , however does a wonderful job of action shots as well as clear , crisp and concise pictures . i absolutely love this camera ! i will never go back to another brand and have only good things to say about kodak and their products
software neg 58.txt the mac os , $129 list , often cheaper , does n't get viruses , worms , malware , etc and probably runs all the software you do on a pc , with the exception of some games . go to a mac store and try it for yourself
health pos 568.txt amazon still has n't quite figured out how to ship these.. . mine arrived with one case broken open , although the whole thing had been stuffed in a clear garbage bag
software pos 355.txt this game is great ! after buying mia reading i thought it was a great idea to get my 2 girls to start learning spanish since we live in a global village . they game was easy to load , easy to navigate and the level was perfect for beginners . the high quality 3d animation will blow you away . even my husband who learned 3d animation at the vancouver film school was blown away . the best part is , that they love playing it as they think it is a game . they forget they 're learning numbers and vocab and how to put together simple sentences . well recommended
dvd neg 978.txt sorry i could n't come up with a better punchline , but this movie does n't deserve any original thought or ideas . maybe its because there are n't any original ideas in this movie event . national lampoon used to mean funny , now its french for crapola . avoid this one at all costs ! ! ! watch caddyshack ii , airplane ii , yes even xanadu three times each before you pick this booger one
software neg 509.txt dragon 9 is supposed to have vista compatibility , via an update that you can get from nuance . unfortunately , the update does not work very well , especially in the area of commands . imagine opening outlook and giving dragon the command for composing new mail or even checking mail , and watching it do nothing but move to another message in the inbox . then , imagine going to the nuance site to get support . you have to answer about a half-dozen questions and provide you key , even if you have a registered account that contains that key . finally , you are told that support will cost you $9.95. ten bucks to fix broken software ? ! it 's no wonder they do n't have a support forum ; it would be filled with irate customers . i wo n't even go into the problems with getting the support person to comprehend the problem , except to say that the software did a better job of understanding me . i 've moved on to using the voice recognition in vista which , contrary to a popular youtube video , actually works pretty well . at least when i need help , i can get it for free
books neg 968.txt i saw the tv show made , so i wanted to check out the full story . it was a disappointment , but my wife loved it . so there you are one against , one for it
music pos 518.txt like it says in the ( " 33 1 / 3 " ) liner notes : " ...world class chops and originality " . if jazz is your bag and guitar licks get your attention , these tracks will set off fireworks ! my music collection started circa 1960 , but these guys made it to the top of my list in a heartbeat ! if i could , i 'd give it 10 stars
dvd pos 626.txt what a great idea , to make a documentary of violinist hilary hahn traveling around the world and concertizing . undoubtedly at the top of her profession , hahn never fails to amaze with her unmistakably gorgeous tone , enviable precision , and brilliant musicality . this dvd " portrait " includes personal footage of hahn backstage at the philharmonie in berlin , as well as a tour at the curtis institute , a recording session at abbey road studios , and a trip to hong kong . in an age of music commercialism , hahn is refreshingly real and self-deprecating . included on this dvd are excerpts from the korngold concerto , mozart sonata for piano and violin in g major , the lark ascending by vaughan williams , chaconne from partita in d minor by bach , and the paganini concerto no . 1. on the menu there is additional concerto footage , which includes the korngold concerto and mozart sonata in their entirety - thank goodness , because there 's nothing more aggravating than replaying excerpts . if for nothing else , buy the dvd for these complete live recordings , because they are absolutely sublime . the outer movements of the korngold sound a lot like film music , which the classical music lover may or may not like , but the second movement is incredibly beautiful and highly recommended . the mozart sonata is also very well played , but this is nothing new as hahn has already released a recording of this . this dvd is important because it contains video footage of hahn performing - the only other dvd where you can find her playing is the last night of the proms , in which she plays the mozart concerto no . 4 in d major and presto from sonata no . 1 by bach , but the sound quality is somewhat lacking and certainly does n't do justice to hahn
software pos 733.txt it was an excellent purchase . fast ans efficient receipt of goods and fine quality
books pos 411.txt tolstoy 's honesty at his own selfish motives and his dissapointment with the true value of his accompleshments is wonderfully refreshing . his writing is so personal and open that i do n't think anyone can walk away from this unmoved . i was dissapointed that he rejects the concept of a personal active god in the conclusion of his search
camera neg 332.txt not worth the $10 i paid especially when i had to spend $7 to ship it ! !
camera pos 267.txt this lens is amazing . nothing escapes it . it 's like a black hole . clearly the best lens i have ever owned . it 's like the lidless eye of sauron from the lord of the rings . it is heavy and requires rethinking how you hold the camera . it comes with a beautiful case , a hood , and a tripod mount on the lens . believe me you will need it . i took a few photos of my son from 250 feet away and they look great . i will now get to work reading the small manual . it has 2 focal settings and 2 stabilizing settings . wow !
software neg 529.txt this is the worst software i bought . first , it cost $100 and mcafee did not honor the $55 rebate because i sent the rebate form a little late . they had only 15 days to send out after purchase while compusa receipt has much longer deadline to send our rebate form . is n't that kind of trick ? second and most important , it slowed down everything , not a bit but by dozens of seconds or even more than 1 minute . third , the speed is not only the problem , its wireless connection sucks to the maximum and a couple of my machines ca n't get online and ca n't connect to the network . i have 3 pcs and 1 laptop . only two machine can get connected . it also conflicts with belkin network card driver which has been so popular for so many years . how the hell mcafee did not know that adaptor ? fourth , there is no manual whattsover and you have to all figure that out yourself . given it has so much problem it 's very frustrating to configure it . sometimes the security center is downloading forever . who the hell knows what it is doing . sucks . i had spent so much time to fine tune it and it still sucks that much . i changed back to internet security suite which is much better than this . do n't buy it even they give it to you free or you will break the disk .
health pos 278.txt i have gotten numerous compliments on this eau de toilette . it has a light , almost woodsy smell . reminds me of a laid back saturday at the country club or something . classy yet sporting
health neg 198.txt we have three of these humidifiers , the elephant , the penguin and the cow . have had them for 6 months or so . in the last two weeks , both the penguin and cow have stopped working all together and the elephant is the sole survivor . when we got them , i thought they were amazing , quiet and did the job . now i am deciding if i should go out and buy two more or pick another brand . oh and be careful , i think the steam from my sons killed his dvd player on his tv as it gets caked with the white stuff... .
health neg 182.txt it made my skin very dry and break out because of it . my floormate had the same reaction . we were both very disappointed . i recommend going for vitaclear which i tried before this product and is less expensive than proactiv although it is a little more expensive than this .
music neg 214.txt after hearing " i 'm n luv ( wit a stripper ) " i do n't know why anyone would want to buy and listen to this cd in its entirety . i 'm not going to type a bunch of long paragraphs about why this cd sucks . this cd is a waste and t-pain is illiterate . there ! i said it in one sentence . holllaaa
camera neg 527.txt i will start off by saying , i loved my sony cybershot . when the alpha came out i could n't wait to get one . it died after 200 pictures on day three of a three week once in a life time trip through south america . amazon said it was out of their hands because it must be returned within 30 days . i 've spent 3 hours so far dealing with sony . most people i spoke to or on-line live chat support were unfamiliar with the product and transferred me around to business support , computers , video . they also contradicted one another . when i did get to someone who knew the product i was told firmly that despite the camera being a lemon and malfunctioning after only taking 200 pictures they the would only ' repair it ' not replace it . now i am stuck with a lemon , and i fear i have a history of further disappointment and frustration with this camera . i highly recommend you read all the customer reviews . other people have had problems with the camera , i ignored them because i had faith in sony and thought the other alpha owners ' dud cameras were unusual . if you decide to purchase anyway , i highly recommend you do not buy through amazon , but through a real store with a good and fair return policy , that stands behine their products . places like microcenter will exhange , no questions ask . i am kicking myself because amazon was $100 cheaper then microcenter . penny wise pound foolish . i love amazon , but , i will never buy anything other than books and dvds from them . lesson learned on electronics .
music pos 699.txt ministry of sound has always had the reputation of putting out the best music . they have a way of findind the best dj 's , artists , producers and remixers from the 4 corners of the earth and bringing them to us on a cd . this cd is no exception . soothing beats without lacking in tempo or energy , this cd could literally be enjoyed by a cowbow from kentucky . it 's just that palattable
music pos 574.txt this cd is so awesome , it stays in my cd player and i have recently added it to my mp3.
books neg 151.txt i purchased this book based on the mostly glowing reviews from other reviewers and i am very disappointed . the arabic fonts used are so small that , at times , it is actually quite difficult to make out the letters . definitely , not a book for people who are new to the language
camera pos 290.txt i use this little gadget mainly for macro and portrait work . when you have it on the light emitting from the flash is diffused which gives you a more flattering less contrasty light to illuminate your subjects with . unless you are going for a very shadowy , high-contrast , image this diffuser can save the day . it is very light weight and easy to pack in small places , so you should never have a good reason to leave it behind . sometimes it is the simple things that make the biggest difference in a photo , and using this can defiantly make very noticeable differences
books pos 302.txt this is a resource used by all nps i have talked to . great addition to your library .
books neg 528.txt a little about golf and ' inside the pga tour' ... plenty of gratuitous language ' n ornery texans.. . mostly about dan jenkins ' views on relationships with women.. . forced a couple laughs
camera pos 944.txt if you are looking for a good small camera , and have no intentions of being ansel adams , this is a good camera choice . i travel alot , and this camera is perfect because it can fit in my pockets or a small purse . it also takes pretty good pictures
camera neg 651.txt i recently purchased the g600 printer dock and have n't even gotten to try it out yet- -the print cartridge that came with it did n't work . i ordered another and inserted it and it still does n't work . it constantly tells me the cartridge is empty and needs replaced . lots of time and money involved in this mess- --stick with hp !
software pos 564.txt we purchased this program on the recommendation of a friend because we have a 4-yr-old grandson who 's very interested in art and is comfortable with computers . turns out his older sister has the program in school , kindergarten . they both enjoy having this to play with when they visit
camera neg 654.txt bought this camera for my wife . takes good pictures but handle this camera with extreme caution . if you drop it be prepared for a large repair bill . fuji customer relations is sub-par . warranty does not cover any impact internal damage . i 've had better luck with nikon and kodak and will steer clear of fuji in the future
camera pos 222.txt this lens is outstanding . speed and sharpness are top-notch . i use this lens for a wide array of situations and it has always delivered impressive results . best lens in it 's class at a reasonable price . it 's well built , sturdy , and not so heavy so it 's relatively easy to carry around . canon really impressed me with this lens . i use it with my eos system ( traditional and digital cameras ) .
dvd neg 460.txt this version " wind and cloud - the storm riders " made in 2004 is not the same as " the storm riders " made in 1998. this dvd is a condensed version of a tv series packaged by tai seng . it is full-screen and was made for tv . it is pretty disjointed as it was condensed into 2 hours from 30 hours . most people doing the reviews for this dvd is confusing everyone writing positive reviews for the 1998 film staring aaron kwok and ekin chen
dvd pos 404.txt hi folks , the movies all look very good..and there are a nice group of bonus features from vintage featurettes to commentaries ! on macao...i particularly enjoyed the 30 minute interview with jane russell and robert mitchum that robert osborne conducted...very late in the life of mr mitchum . the packaging it great and frankly 6 films from the great robert mitchum at under $10 each on dvd w / bonus features is a terrrrrifffic deal ! the movies are n't generally considered mitchum 's best or best known but when you consider you 've got jean simmons as a costar and otto preminger directing angel face , josef von sternberg helming macao , vincent minnelli directing home from the hill , the great fred zinneman directing and the legend deborah kerr co-starring in the sundowners ...you can figure this is n't the bottom of the barrel either ! oh and sydney pollack directed the yakuza and contributes a great commentary... . to sum up...warner bros...continues to deliver the very best classic titles on dvd with the best combination of quality transfers / bonus features and value packages ! ! ! !
software pos 424.txt i seriously do n't get why people are having problems installing and using windows vista . i had no problems installing it and no problems using it . it runs smoothly and responsively . no problems . current specs : 3.0ghz intel pentium 4 ht 800fsb 1mb l2 cache 1.5gb ddr pc3200 667mhz ram 200gb sata 7200rpm 8mb cache 256mb ati radeon x600 realtek integrated hd audio intel 915g motherboard 22 " viewsonic vx2235wm hd digital monitor 1680x1050 optical drive 1 : dvd+ / - rw dl optical drive 2 : dvd-rom no problemo .
software pos 447.txt i bought this title because the first typing instructor for kids got such good reviews . i was looking for a way to teach my 8yo son keyboarding . he has always had a terrible time with handwriting . i knew i needed really easy , slow-paced typing instruction for him , or he would n't get it . well , it 's 6 months later and he can now type ! we did it with nothing but this software . i made him practice about 10 min / day 5 - 7 days / week . all in all , he found it to be work to learn this new skill , but still rather enjoyable . there are 11 games included and several of them are very good - - meaning they are really fun and build typing skills at the same time . there is also a series of drills , lessons , and typing tests to teach the keyboard . the keyboard is introducted a few keys at a time , and then you repeat the related drills , lessons , tests , and games until those keys are learned fairly well . i had to require my son to keep repeating each section of the keyboard until he could do it at 15 wpm before letting him go to the next section . this is what the software recommends , but i had to learn it the hard way . at first , i let my son go ahead too fast and he ended up getting overwhelmed . i ended up having to put a sticker chart on the wall and offering him prizes for getting to 15 wpm on each section . i would recommend this software for children from 6 to about 11. the cartoon characters are very juvenile and would probably offend a child any older than that . however , for any adolescent or adult able to ignore the juvenile cartoons , this would be an excellent way to learn to type too . i found that my typing skills improved just by occasionally using this software .
camera neg 92.txt gosh , i would really like to review this adapter , but- - - amazon has put my order on indefinate hold , as thier supplier is unable to get any more . but wait ! what 's that blurb on the product page - " availability : ususally ships within 24 hours " and " want it delivered tomorrow ? order it in the next 5 hours and 36 minutes , and choose one-day shipping at checkout . see details . " so they ca n't deliver it , yet they still list it as available for delivery tomorrow ? do n't order from amazon
health neg 426.txt the product is all smoke and mirrors . unless you have a clean room and are incredibly talented , you will not have lenses that are usable . in fact , several attempts to use the product resulted in lenses that were worse
health pos 770.txt que maravilla comprar por amazon.com todo llego en perfecto estad
books pos 113.txt if you are young , under 30 , this is a good guide to help you figure out your path through the minefields of trying to understand the other sex . if you are older , this is a good refresher course on things you may have already learned ( or things that you missed ) in the school of everyday life . for both younger and older readers this is a very good tool to help you understand yourself and others .
music pos 7.txt great anniversary present . fav song.. . i love the way you love me.. . my husband loves to listen to it in the car
dvd pos 894.txt i decided to buy a couple strawberry shortcake movies when my 3 year old daughter received a bunch of strawberry shortcakes for her birthday . these are very cute movies ! they have a couple of cute songs , fun storylines and great messages .
music pos 771.txt there have been innumerable motorhead collections over the years , but this is one of the few that attempts to mix old with the new . on this collection , all the classics are present , and some newer material is thrown in as well . unfortunately , there are some throw-away tracks , mainly the girlscool and headgirl tracks . ( to be honest , these tracks are pretty much worthless . ) some live tracks are meshed in and fit well , and the newer songs help to add some variety to the old-scool stuff . i would recommend this collection to listeners looking to get a nice , cheap collection of some of motorhead 's best just for the sake of getting into the band . but if you 're wanting the prime collection of older material , save up some extra dough and buy " no remorse " or " stone deaf forever .
health neg 723.txt i had great results with this product with the first use . however , when i used it the second time , the triangular pad lost all of its abrasive surface , leaving me with a smooth , useless triangle . i replaced the triangle , thinking i had a " dud " , but had the same thing happen with the second pad . the cream will work without the pad , but not as effectively . if the manufacturer can come up with a pad that has a more permanent surface , they will have a winner with this product . on a positive note , i love the facial product
books pos 968.txt this is an excellent book . its academic / sociological approach may put off some lay readers , but that would be too bad . the subject , and the message , are both very important . in many ways , this book is similar to & quot ; the appearance of impropriety : how the ethics wars have undermined american government , business and society , & quot ; but although this book is somewhat less accessible to general readers it is certainly stronger from a social-science standpoint . an excellent book , well worth reading for anyone interested in why repeated efforts to stamp out political corruption have borne such mixed ( at best ) results
books pos 391.txt i first encountered this gem of a book when i decided to home educate my children for a few years , and it came with my daughter 's fourth grade calvert school kit . yes , it is european ethnocentric and there are the references to god , but our family was and remains enlightened enough and able to explain *context* even to children . whether you are a bible thumper or dedicated atheist , or somewhere in between , do n't discount this book just because of your beliefs ! there is much that is amazing and simply golden in this book . as a historian , i cannot think of a better way to introduce western civilization to a child . the storybook format is a real winner with kids , and if you 're reading it to them aloud , as i did , well , play editor as you go along ! or take the time to explain the context of the times in which it was written . i will be ordering another copy of this book , as my original copy was stolen by some rather sneaky and acquisitive ex-inlaws ( you know who you are ! ) . this book is a do n't miss . and it is also excellent for adults who do n't like history but recognize the need for such knowledge
music neg 347.txt you win some and you lose some . this purchase was a definite loss . what a dissapointment
camera neg 696.txt i found a case that 's almost exactly like this one , except it 's $10 cheaper . it 's made by samsonite . model # tm90blu ( there is also a black case ) . but like i said , exact same thing . unless you care about your camera case saying " lumix " , save yourself some dough and get the one from wal-mart
books neg 527.txt i have always been a prolific reader and rarely do i come across a book for which i can find no value , no redeeming qualities . but i must extend a hearty congratulations to julia barrett for writing the most astounding piece of horse excrement i have ever had the misfourtune to purchace . teachiing my cat to walk repeatedly over my keyboard would produce a work of more sense . if you are like me and just have to read it - just because you 're obsessed with austen - buy it used for 45 cents and then burn it
camera pos 338.txt pros : - reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . better to break the hood than the front element . - makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps to keep others from carelessly walking in front of you . cons : - will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - people take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile
books pos 604.txt i took my last science course about 40 years ago and had forgotten how interesting science can be . this book is not light reading and some people will probably not get past the first few pages but i really enjoyed it . i found tons of new information on mushrooms in spite of the fact that i studied mushrooms in college ( until my father decided science was not for girls and convinced me to go to law school . yep , those were the good old days . ) you will enjoy it as long as you take into account that it is a scientific book , perfect for geeks
camera pos 654.txt i bought this camera for myself at christmas . it is my first digital camera purchase . i love the clarity of the pics . i love the shutter speed ! i do wish the lens cap would stay on better , but that is so minor compared to my likes of the camera .
camera neg 219.txt while this lens has an attractive price tag , this lens has serious trouble with sharpness . only at high shutter speeds ( 1 / 250 and above approx . ) or with a good flash and middle apertures ( f / 8 to f / 22 approx . ) does it deliver sharp images . horribly slow autofocus . i am already saving to buy and l-series or the is usm version
health pos 905.txt i am a former general nutrition center employee and there are hundreds of " powdered " protein products that " hype " about the most important ingredient known for any person that works out . if you want a simple great tasting protein supplement that will help satisfy your daily intake without feeling sick , bloated or passing gas , then you need to trust in optimum nutritions 100% whey protein . it truly gives you the results you need as far as quality and nutrition goes . i strongly recommend 2% milk over water for even better taste , but water will still do the trick . if you buy vanilla , i suggest mixing it with berries , bananas , strawberries , or bananas for added taste . this is by far the best protein supplement out there that is worth more for your money
camera neg 706.txt i added these batteries to an order of a few other things , and did n't realize that they were going to ship this separately from circuit city . make sure if you pick this , that you are getting something else from cc , or else you will end up like me . with a huge box ( you could fit 4 tom clancey novels in the box ) shipped to you with a pack of batteries and end up paying more for shipping then you spend on the batteries
dvd pos 657.txt the concert in central park is not only the best of simon & garfunkel 's concerts , it is one of the best of anyone 's concerts , in my estimation . the crowd was really in to it , and simon and garfunkle responded to them and delivered a top notch experience which captured the essence of the best of their music , and the era it was written in . i have owned the vcr tape for years , and enjoyed it many times , but the signal was beginning to fade , so i was very pleased to see it released on dv
dvd neg 608.txt this has a run down of the colts season from game one to the super bowl.thats it.do not expect the super bowl without commercials and edited down because thats not what this is.very disappointing.the afc championship game of the week is just a post game show.i would have loved to see at least the 2nd half of that game.it was better then the super bowl.the only good things where the few extras with manning and harrison wired for sound.i hope there is a better one come'n cause this is not worth much
books pos 124.txt to learn some italian before visiting italy , i tried multiple language-learning programs borrowed from my local library . some were ridiculous , many required using a workbook . then i stumbled on the pimsleur program , which is totally audio , allowing me to learn italian while i drove to and from work . due to the pedagogically - sound method pimsleur developed for language learning , i actually did learn some basic italian . as a result i bought " conversational italian . " though i 've never considered myself adept at language-learning , i actually felt confident in my ablility to learn italian as a result of these cds . i 've raved about them to friends who have expressed interest in learning a language
health pos 269.txt this was a gift . it came on time and was half the price of one we had looked at . so we were happy
health pos 316.txt this is the second aquis microfiber body towel i have purchased . the waffle weave makes a huge difference . i had a plain microfiber towel and it just did n't feel like a towel . the aquis towel has a real towel feel , dries me off great and then dries out quickly . i keep it in my gym locker and it 's dry the next time i need it . in the summer , i use it after swimming in the morning and it 's dry by the time i teach swimming in the afternoon . and it does n't take up much room in my locker or gym bag . it would be great where i used to spend my summers in michigan where it was tough to dry out the beach towels .
music neg 310.txt after reading her excellent halloween book , i figured her halloween cd would be worth owning . i always search for " different " halloween cds , but this was filled with the same old stuff . chains , moans , and spooky laughs.. . then more chains , moans and spooky laughs . very dissapointing
health pos 99.txt my wife had high bp , so we got this model . the reasons for choosing this model were that : 1. the upper arm monitors are supposed to be more accurate 2. it was cheaper than the fully automatic models 3. omron seems to be one of the better / best brands . 4. supposedly , the pumps on the fully automatic models are prone to breaking . the unit appears well built ( including the hand pump ) . it is easy to operate , and it seems very accurate . we checked its readings with an fully manual unit that we have at home , and the automatic unit at the drug store . we find it takes very accurate and consistent readings . people with physical limitations might find the hand pump inconvenient . also , people with a big arm might need to buy the larger cuff . i 'm overweight right now , so the cuff barely fits my arm , but fits my wife 's nicely ( it was bought for her )
books neg 483.txt i enjoy reading sports fiction with my 10 year old son . the descriptions of this book suggested it addressed important themes which transcended basketball . however , as i read the book , i found the treatment of those themes quite superficial . in addition the book was bawdy . while it may accurately reflect locker room mentality , many readers may not find that mentality entertaining . it is not an appropriate book for children
dvd pos 98.txt this movie is funny and by being so bold in so many ways is refreshing . it presents realistic characters without worrying about offending people by presenting sterotypes . it takes the time to develope the story effectively without boring the audience . it is a long movie but it moves at a great and effective pace . it is full of laughs . joe pesci is one of the best comic actors of all time . i do n't think that anyone else could have pulled of the part of vinny nearly as well . marisa was great as well and it was hard to find a performance that was less than great . the writing and directing , two things that often get overlooked , was wonderful . the only weakness ? the case is a little fantastic . it is hard to believe the coincidences in the movie that lead to the boys being accused of the crime . of course movie plots do n't have to make perfect sense but this stretches it . though i usually do n't like excessive foul language , this movie uses it in a funny way . i guess it would n't work without it.. . but do n't be mistaken....it has a lot of bad language . do n't let kids under 17 watch it without supervision
health pos 52.txt if your looking for a bar that hits the spot without leaving you wanting more this is the bar for you provides great flavor and satisfies i highly recommend this bar for in between snacks not to high in fat has more carbs than other protein bars but is a great overall ba
dvd neg 322.txt not a good script kind of slow , a regular movie if you are into history in america , but if you dont live there , or got any interest in this particular plot , i wont recomended , is borin
software pos 544.txt well its definetly improved version since the last one , but they still have a lot of things to do . the biggest problem is pages . if text has specific symbols , like greek letters and u try to export your file to doc , forget it . u 'll have the same problem as 10 yrs ago , either funky symbols or underline dashes . keynote is much better . but if u r a scientist and not a sales man , both packages still have a lot of room for improvement . however , i 'm still happy with this purchase , because it 's apple soft and looks much nicer than any ms software will get in the future
music neg 212.txt i received emails about delaying my order three times . since it showed that the product was available , i did n't understand why i had to wait less than two months to get my order . i was so disappointed by the amazon this time ! doing business like that , i am not sure how long you will survive
camera pos 336.txt canon makes a great underwater housing for a reasonable price . i purchased this for a recent trip to grand cayman and cozumel . i did n't go scuba diving on this trip , but i did take the camera snorkeling ( diving to depths ~20ft ) . it worked flawlessly and i got some pictures i was very happy with ! one thing i did not anticipate was the use the camera got out of the water . going from ac to the hot humid outdoors , my eos rebel fogged up ( condensation ) and even after 30 minutes i could n't take good pictures . with the sd110 in the uw housing , i just wipped the housing 's glass portal with a lens tissue after it had warmed up a couple of minutes and i was able to take clear pictures . the instructions are pretty good , but it took me a while to figure out how to take out the o-ring seal for cleaning / lubing . once i figured it out , it was n't so hard . the sd110 may be getting a little old , but it still takes decent pictures and even with the housing i do n't have so much money tied up in the system that i would be devestated if it was lost or stolen . i will probably upgrade to the sd550 or sd500 ( they both use the same batteries as the sd110 ) with the wp-dc80 or wp-dc70 housing at some time in the near future , but i will definitely keep the sd110 and wp-dc10 as backups
software neg 712.txt we have used quickbooks on a pc since the 1990's . we loved the way inuit made accounting accessible for people without degrees in accounting . quickbooks for mac is terrible in comparison . if you plan to use the payroll features , it is unusable . quickbooks mac payroll redirects you to the internet , where it is handled by paycycle ( an independent company ) . payroll is not integrated at all in the mac ( instead import / export operation ) . on the pc , it is part of the quickbooks application . we could not get job costing to work , and the tax calculations made no sense . we were paying tons of money to paycycle , so fortunately the taxes were filed automatically . we finally reverted back to quickbooks for windows and are much happier with intuit handling our payroll
software pos 330.txt i previously had nero 6 and it had tons of bugs for me . i upgraded to 7 ultra enhanced when i upgraded my computer to vista premium , and i was pleasantly surprised . everything i have tried so far has been flawless . it seems that different systems have different results with nero . for example some people say nero 6 works best for them , but on my old system it was horrible ( running on win2k ) . it 's complicated software though , so people should give nero a break . overall they do a great job . just download the trial first and see how it runs on your system .
books neg 389.txt " the other boleyn girl " and " the queen 's fool " are two of the best books i 've ever read- -and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete- -true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . " the virgin 's lover " fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly- -that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope
music neg 564.txt the 4 cd mini gibson amp ' box-set'leaves off genuine off vinyl 78 , and lp ' harder-to-get ' charlie christian / benny goodman recordings . legacy states " master takes " , but absolutely fails to research deep into charlie christian 's recording history . columbia vinyl 2lp 30779 , ( 1972 ) , and columbia 78rpm c -102 along with the columbia " sextet " cds leave legacy far behind . the wang wang blues -78rpm is n't in the 4cd set , and there are far too many ' false-starts ' , which benny goodman discarded for a good reason . star dust is only about 3 minutes , it 's 8 minutes on vinyl . there is even in-studio handclapping after some tunes . i have the 78s , many col . lps , and there is no " studio-live " takes . this 4 cd box could have , and should have been much better in information , content and genuine charlie christian guitar stylings . the 2 readily available bg sextet cds are a better purchase idea , but there are still those super hard-to-get vinyl lp tracks , which are " the master takes " , left off the legacy / sony box set . musicologist 's suggestion , try to get the vinyl lps. skip this misleading 4 cd set of various tracks , + handclapping = not " good enough to keep " , ( airmail special ) . try the 2 benny goodman / charlie christian columbia cds , amazon has both , and most of the benny goodman sextet ' takes ' are master takes , and " good enough to keep !
books neg 34.txt one of the blurbs i read on the book jacket compared this book to into thin air and the perfect storm . no way ! . those two books were edge-of-your-seat reading experiences . this account of a kayaking expedition is just plain boring . the action does n't start until about halfway or more into the book and even then , the cliched writing and deification of balf 's subjects make this book very hard to get through . unless you are a serious kayaking fan , i would not recommend this book
dvd pos 550.txt with king creole , love me tender and stay away joe - jailhouse rock 1957 is elvis presley at his best . he declined the old musical tradition of mgm and insisted on a contemparary look - especially how the choreography should be executed . in this film we see elvis presley at his very best . he was a stunning actor - much more prefer him to james dean.. . it ` s a shame he made more or less 33 forgettable films... . only a handful stands out and jailhouse rock is the best . it isn ` t a classic - it isn ` t even great . but we have elvis - the king - and that ` s the best there is: - ) )
health neg 916.txt this is a very cheaply built product . we had a hard time getting it to mist at all . even though the instruction say fill it with water at least 1 inch above the misting device it took trial and error to find the exact right level that it would mist at . when it did mist it would not get more than about 1 / 3 inch from the top . so , the mist never made it out of the bowl . we did like the changing color lights
books pos 609.txt i read the pig man by paul zindel for a summer vacation assignment . in all , i do not enjoy reading books , but i was surprised by the humor in this book . when i was reading it , i would have to stop reading and i would start laughing . it would take a while to calm myself down . it first started with john and lorraine , then a lot of strange things started to happen to them . the old man that they where trying to prank call , was actually going to give them money . when they meet him it all changed . they where worried because they lied to him and did not know what to do . they told him the truth and became good friends with the pig man . they called him the pig man because his name was mr. pignati , and he collected hundreds of little pig statues . john and lorraine learned a lot about the importance of life as they grew to love the pig man . this sad story has to taught them how to move on after a loved one has died .
music neg 296.txt i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. .
health neg 731.txt i thought these wipes would be a handy solution for the office or situations where i do n't want to carry around a bottle and a microfiber cloth . but contrary to what 's promised on the package the wipes left big watermarks on lenses , which ended up dirtier than they started . the wipes work okay on a computer screen , though
dvd pos 877.txt in 1987 and 1988 , jim henson 's the storyteller aired and became an instant showpiece for television , a truimphant ( but short-lived ) series breathing fresh life into nine lesser-known northern european fairy tales and , later , into four timeless stories drawn from greek mythology . these old folk and fairy tales , mined from countries such as germany and russia and compiled in 2 discs here , along with the greek tales , are vigorously and appealingly narrated by two storytellers : john hurt for the european fables and michael gambon for the greek re-tellings . but , with much respect to mr. gambon , who himself does a fine job , it is john hurt who decidedly draws my attention . hurt , with the more eye-catching portrayal , is ideal as he inhabits his storytelling character with a gleeful and quirky charm and a mischievous twinkle in his eyes . it does n't hurt that the stories featuring hurt as the host boast clever and sensitive screenplays written by anthony minghella , who , nearly a decade later , would win an oscar for directing the english patient . as such , jim henson 's the storyteller gloriously lives up to its titular billing . john hurt 's performance sparkles with his enchanting delivery as , propelled by his captivating voice and effectively off-kilter mannerisms and abetted by heavy make-up , he evokes a rich verbal miasma which sucks the listener in to his stories . minghella 's screenplays are replete with rich , witty wordplay and evocative descriptives that indeed recall to mind the classic fairy tales with which we grew up . the kids , of course , wo n't have that frame of reference , but , still , watching these episodes , it really does feel as if you 're sitting around the fire , enraptured at the feet of a master spinner of yarns . michael gambon , on the other hand , is burdened with the weightier and grimmer greek tales . thus , he eschews john hurt 's light , ebullient touch , opting instead to display a more proper and somber persona . he 's pretty good , mind you , but , in the final analysis , he ends up lacking a bit of something when compared to john hurt . both hurt and gambon , by the way , are accompanied by the same mangy talking dog ( as operated by brian henson ) . at a half hour per episode , jim henson 's the storyteller is presented in a marriage of live acting , creative animatronics , and surreal and stylishly vivid imagery . jim henson and his crew do a marvelous job with the production values , coming up with excellent special effects ( for its time ) , seamless puppetry , matte paintings , and yeoman make-up work , all to plant the viewer firmly in their fantasy setting . a charming quirk of the series , which adds a nice touch , is the interesting ways the folk tale would continue to make its presence felt during the occasional interludes with the storyteller and his dog . the camera would cut away from the story and focus on our host by the fireplace , but , somewhere in the background , whether it 's on a painting in the back or on the surface of a display jar or cup , images depicting the story are set in motion . pretty neat . the stories themselves are more mature and darker in essence than any kid 's fable we 're used to over here , especially the greek entries , and several carry melancholy and bittersweet overtones ( " the soldier and death , " " the heartless giant " ) . but do n't keep the kids from watching this series ; everyone should get a chance to fall under the spell and feel the power of stories . it does help that most of these tales are little known in the states , thereby giving the viewer a chance to enjoy the unfolding of a fresh story and be actually startled here and there . when was the last time cinderella or beauty and the beast , timeless as they are , offer up anything new ? this is just about as perfect as television shows can get ; the only flaw i can come up with lies in the dvd set as it comes with no special features whatsoever . all the episodes are superb , but if i had to pick the best of the pack , i would definitely go with " hans my hedgehog , " " the soldier and death " and " the three ravens . " with several recognizable name actors lending their talents to this series , jim henson 's the storyteller : the definitive collection truly is a must have dvd set . ************************************************************************** spoilers follow . the nine european fables : " hans my hedgehog " - from an early german folk tale : a barren peasant woman , desperately craving a child , naively says aloud that if she had a baby , she would n't care what it looks like . soon enough , she gives birth to a baby who resembles a hedgehog , much to the father 's dismay and the scorn of the villagers . " fearnot " - from an early german folk tale : a carefree , absent-minded boy who never scares goes on a strange journey to learn fear . though still very good , this may be the weakest episode of the lot . gabrielle anwar has a tiny nonspeaking role . " a story short " - from an early celtic folk tale : the storyteller himself is in the spotlight as he narrates the time he was caught making a fool of the royal cook and , as punishment meted out by the king , must tell one story a day for a year . all goes well until the very last day when the storyteller suffers from storyteller 's block . brenda blethyn has a part . " the luck child " - from an early russian folk tale : seeking to avert a prophecy which foretells of a seventh son of a seventh son of someday supplanting the current king , the unscrupulous monarch seeks out this luck child and attempts to do away with him . but those blessed with luck cannot be undone...and the same could be said for prophecies . the soldier & death " - from an early russian folk tale , this is an awesome story . because of kind acts towards three beggars , an honest soldier returning from war is given a magical sack , a deck of cards , and a nice whistle , which he uses to save a kingdom and to foil death . " the true bride " - from an early german folk tale . shades of aslan ! a white lion comes to the aid of a girl ( jane horrocks , little voice ) being held under the cruel care of a troll . co-starring sean bean . " the three ravens " - from an early german folk tale : a wicked witch ( miranda richardson ) weds a widowed king ( jonathan pryce ) and then , recognizing that the king 's three sons and daughter pose a threat to her ambition , transforms the three sons into ravens . but the princess ( joely richardson ) escapes and is told by her brothers that , unless she remains speechless for three years , three months , and three days , they 'll be trapped in their raven forms forever . " sapsorrow " - from an early german folk tale : this is a variant on cinderella ( or is it the other way around ? ) as a beautiful princess ( the unimpressive alison doody ) , seeking to escape an arranged marriage , flees to a distant kingdom and disguises herself as a loathsome hag . but , then , she falls in love with the prince...co-starring jennifer saunders . " the heartless giant " - from an early german folk tale : on the whole , giants are benign creatures , harmless to none , unless , of course , the giant has n't a heart . this story is about a curious prince who is fooled into freeing one such heartless giant from the king 's dungeon.. . the greek myths : " daedalus and icarus " - the inventor daedalus and his son icarus flee from the wicked king minos with the aid of daedalus 's man-made wings , but will icarus heed his father 's advice ? i 'm guessing , not . " orpheus and eurydice " - the musician orpheus descends to hades to bring back his dead wife . " perseus and the gorgon " - the hero perseus faces the gorgon , medusa . " theseus and the minotaur " - it 's theseus , with some help from a beautiful princess , versus the savage minotaur , half-man , half-bull .
music neg 566.txt i think someone forgot to tell molotov that rap-metal / rock-rap was dead . had potential , but the simple riffage and annoying rapping killed it for me
camera neg 850.txt i loved this camera but i have had to send it back 3 times for the infamous " system error 2 " design fault which plagues many of these . the repair service is slow - the camera has been in repair 50% of the year i have had it
software pos 334.txt after going insane with the new version of norton systemworks 2005 , which does n't even install , i decided to finally swear off all symantec products . i have used zone alarm pro for some time . it 's not perfect , but it certainly will protect your computer . i took the plunge and went with the full security suite this week , and i 've been relatively happy . on the plus side , the software works really well . the personal firewall is better than any you can find , and the virus protection found a phishing app that norton had not ( before i had unstalled it ) . on the minus side , the firewall can be problematic . i 've had page load issues on ebay and on my own site which has a cgi script to keep my images and files from being hotlinked ( bandwidth theft ) . when i visit my site or any other that has a similar anti-theft cgi script , the images simply wo n't come up . ebay gets all messed up as well . i have n't been able to figure out a setting that works , so i have to turn off the firewall on ebay and a few other sites , which kind of defeats the purpose of a firewall . this does n't happen a lot though , so it 's not annoying enough to get my dander up . all in all it 's been a far better investment than symantec products , so despite its limitations i would recommend this program . it does have a lot of options to set , but they are pretty easy to get through if you are computer literate . if you decide to go with this program and you currently have norton antivirus , you will need to uninstall norton before this program will run . if you were to ask me if i preferred symantec systemworks or zone alarm security suite , there would be absolutely no hesitation in recommending zone alarm .
music neg 482.txt i liked this when it first came out b / c i was 16. i was a rebel , wanted to be part of something different . this is their best work since the weirdness does get lame after a while . favorite song is mongoloid...totally strange but rocking song . " uncontrollable urge " rocks ( in a weird way ) and come back johnny is almost a conventional song . satisfaction is completely unique but its not a good song . the group was obviously trying to do more than music and develop a kiss , multi media , making money kind of thing . i saw them live ( they were horrible ) during their hey day . the most interesting thing about them is while other odd bands were eventually accepted and integrated into the mainstream , devo is still as odd of a group as ever . mark motherbough does a lot of soundtrack work ( rugrats ) and you can hear the devo in all of his work . anybody that gives this novelty group 5 stars is cheapening what true excellent music is . devo came out as a goof , not as serious musicians . they got big in the 70 's b / c they were part of the new wave and kids ( like me ) were looking for alternative music that we can claim our own .
books neg 479.txt for years , i had heard the akashic records being touted as the unwritten spiritual book of life , that included every event , every living soul who had ever taken a breath from the beginning of time through eternity . the subject was beyond fascinating , as my limited mortal mind could not grasp the enormity of such a body of knowledge " existing " . however , i took it on absolute faith that this was so and recently endeavored to find the quintessential book on the subject . knowing of mr. cayce 's tremendous psychic following , i assumed this book would enlighten me and others . i excitedly bought a new copy for myself and sent another to a friend . after trudging through the first 68 pages , i felt lost and befuddled . the writing and text are difficult to follow and not at all in " layperson 's " language . perhaps this book is meant for an experienced psychic mind and intellect , one who understands the language and is willing to muddle through the long-winded case histories to discover meaning and relevance . my friend confessed she had read a mere chapter or two , then set it aside . pie dumas author & life coach
music pos 484.txt eddie 's first all-studio recording , and the album that got me hooked . i must say that even though they are uncomparably fantastic live , this album demonstrates the range and diversity of eddie from ohio . & quot ; oh my brother&quot ; is a particular favorite with julie murphy wells displaying her amazing range and beautiful voice , and robbie schaffer 's talent for emoting the absolute best of a heartwrenching situation . if this song does n't touch your heart , you have no appreciation for music . a particular plus on this album is a beautiful violin solo of & quot ; yerushalyim shel zahav&quot ; by guest musician pete wilson on & quot ; jerusalem , & quot ; another song by robbie , this time also performed by him . as always , the amazing prowess of this group is displayed magnificently
software neg 674.txt i have 3 computers with different expiration dates for the installed norton anti-virus programs . i purchased the 3-pack and installed it into the computers as the old subscriptions expired . i then found out that the clock for the 3 units started when the program was installed into the first computer . when i contacted norton , they acknowledged that it was designed that way and gave me a code to enter into the three computers in order to increase their protection to a full . when the code was entered into the first computer the clock increased to 1 year in that computer . norton would not allow the code to be entered into the other 2 computers . i will never purchase another norton product
camera neg 776.txt i bought this item over a year ago , and it has never served for anything . once i spotted a deer and turned on the " ir " illuminator , and the deer ran away - not too surprising , it is actually a red light and totally visible for most animals . better use a flashlight . this is a first-generation nightscope , and has a very small range of utility : if there is a little light , the adapted human eye sees better , and if there is almost no light the device does not see either . 100 bucks is not too much of a waste , but if you are serious about nightvision you should spend about 10 times as much
health neg 692.txt i ordered the ergo lounger . when i arrived , i was shocked to find that i could barely lift the box that it came in . i wanted to move it to another room to unpack . this was supposed to be lightweight " aluminum " but the box clearly said " steel . " i did not want one that would rust because i intended to carry it to the beach to use it . i actually called the manufacturer ( they provided a toll free number ) several times . never did they answer the phone , nor did they ever return any of my calls . so i could not find out if they thought it was aluminum or not . the lounger itself seemed pretty nice , just too heavy and probably would rust soon
music pos 41.txt there are some amazing moments on this record . i find myself freaking out to three songs in a row , and waiting for the fourth song to end . the de la collaboration is weak ; it 's got the great wild-style instrumental but the chorus is obnoxious . some of the more r&b-toned tracks fall flat in my opinion .
dvd pos 373.txt this film was probably hurt a bit by the fact it had to have its fall 2001 release postponed due to 9 / 11 ( it 's plot included terrorists that sell a bomb ) . i also imagine the marketing was tough since it had to be sold based on tim allen and the comparisons to " get shorty " rather than as a plot driven movie . i tell you though , this film is simply funny . just like an old marx brothers film , the plot is there only to set in motion the quick-witted dialogue and interaction between the characters . i have enjoyed both of dave barry 's humor novels ( this and " tricky business " ) . they made me laugh out loud as did this movie . i think it captures the spirit of the book perfectly . for those that have laughed at dennis farina from his roles in " get shorty and even " snatch , " he has never been funnier as a hit man who encounters unexpected roadblocks ( literally ) on his trip to do a quick sniper job . tom sizemore is also excellent as the dumbest crook you 'll ever see . there are some movies that you may see once in the theaters yet can watch over and over everytime it is on tv because it retains the ability to always make you laugh , no matter how many times you have seen it . check this one out !
dvd neg 1000.txt i seen this movie , do n't buy it ! ! ! it 's not worth anything . i have it on vhs , boring action . purchase the other three home alones , they 're the best than this movie ! !
dvd neg 367.txt well , this was about as formulaically politically correct as a movie can get , unfortunately : the female teenage protagonist ( played by witherspoon , whose acting powers have increased dramatically since her stilted acting here ) acts masculine and heroic , the male teenage protagonist acts craven and flippant . at one ridiculous point , the girl runs around acting like a commando , a veritable one-gal army , blowing up the bad guys , while the boy hides in a cave sniveling . later , when the boy tries to assert himself by offering to carry the gal 's backpack as they cross a desert , the gal snaps at him , bella abzug-style , and walks quickly ahead , leaving him in the dust . clearly a modern radical feminist thing going on here , and what is most unfortunate is that this movie was made for a young audience and therefore is in keeping with the modern radical feminist propaganda which is brainwashing young women into unnaturally behaving like men . of course , in the real world , the result for such manly girls , once they become women , is that men do not choose them and they remain alone , and therefore become bitter- -ironically and inevitably blaming men , of course . in this movie , the wimpy teenage guy falls for the brassy , masculine gal- -but that 's why they call them movies . when are these post-modern writers , artists , and other culture-shapers with an agenda going to realize that when they tout modern radical feminism , they are touting something unnatural- -men simply do not prefer masculine females . men want someone to complement them , not compete with them . men crave femininity in females , not feminism . wow , is there ever a difference in those two forms of comportment ! this poor teenage guy depicted in this movie , at least his character does progress a little bit : by the end of the movie , instead of craven and flippant , he graduates to something akin to a metrosexual-type with a wild-boy haircut , if that is even a step upward . but the plucky gal- -she 's still the one in charge in this fictitious world of upside-down gender relations . uh , another problem with this movie- -and there are many- -is when the kids are going through the kalahari desert , something which should be , and for a time is here depicted as , a foreboding and life-threatening task . yet we see witherspoon in this desert frolicking with a dog ; and we see the boy 's flippancy and joviality emerge in a totally out-of-place manner , considering the dire situation they are in . the sense of urgency which had been built up is totally excreted away by these light-hearted , inane scenes . look , i dig disney kid movies- -more realistic ones . you know , old style disney movies . you take " old yeller " for example . now there was a quality kid movie , and quite true to life . this movie was not . it had a plastic , spoiled-american-materialistic-teenybopper feel throughout . disney has gone down the tubes . in any number of ways , they 've been subverted by radical marxist agendas ( note : one more of these was the fact that an african bushman was allowed to evince a pagan ritual from his pc pagan religion- -something called " tapping , " while the caucasians were of course not shown evincing any sign of their un-pc judeo-christian religion- -this is bias , folks , leftwing , pc bias , same as the aforementioned feminist bilge ) . i am learning to run , not walk , away from disney stuff , and this movie was further cause for me to do so .
health neg 978.txt i used it one time , placed it on the charger and it never worked again . now i face the added expense to pack and ship back for warranty repair . not happy with my internet purchase from your company .
camera pos 897.txt kodak v705 black : small , can carry in pocket . wide angle lens , great for group photos . fast start up time . video mode is easy , built in mic picks up all the sounds.camera can stitch 3 photos together-great for vistas . i am happy with this camera . bought another v705 in silver for my friend and she loves it.kodak makes easy to take photos . weak flash - try not to be more than 6-8 feet away-or use photoshop on photos
software neg 79.txt i do not like software . it always hang no matter what i did . maybe this is becasue it has not finished the index process ? i had many many photos in my computer .
books pos 167.txt jmaes joyce takes us on stephen daedalus ' interior journey from pre-teen as son of a country gentleman to young adult who wanders the streets of dublin , struggling with sin , salvation , intellect , ambivalence about his homeland , and his father 's decline . it is not a linear path , but then whose is ? the story is not so much about the artist as a young man , but about a young man 's journey to artistic sensibility , its pretensions and exhilirations . jaklak sez check it out
music pos 89.txt this is some great music from a litte know movie . you wo n't be let down
books neg 804.txt wow ! i read all these great reviews and thought this would be a great book . luckily , i got it out of the library & did n't buy it . i liked it at first , but then the situations got more & more implausible . then i was reading it just to laugh at it . some of the sentences in the book were completely ridiculous too . if i had the book here at work with me , maybe i could quote a couple descriptions that just had me rolling my eyes . not a well written book at all in my humble opinion . glad the rest of you enjoyed it anyway
music pos 875.txt once she has won your heart , you will want this collection to hear how she developed as a performer - - and came to be a great symbol of france in the 20th centur
dvd pos 79.txt nowadays , hollywood just would n't have the balls to make a film that spits in the face of terrorism , unless it was an easy target that does n't spit back ( aka , america and it 's 1st amendment ) . this film harkens back to the day when people wished our country 's foreign policy was a bit more leathery . well...ya got it now ! at the very least , a film like this would piss off the surrender-monkeys in the jackass party , not only for what they would see as a glorification of nationalistic jingoism , but for the villification and slaughter of stalinistic , castro-like communists that they would only want to capitulate and make peace with . makes one wonder if the lefty glenn close now hates herself for acting in such a film . what would they say to a film like this ? unfortunately , there 's plenty of room for criticism in this movie , aside from the political implications therein . some ( arguably , if not all ) of the special effects seemed a bit hokey ( hence the 4 stars instead of the five ) . i think if anyone wanted to be bipartisan about anything , it would have to be the 90 's style cgi , especially the plane crash . at best , one might go so far as to say it was " cute . " and what can a guy like me say to that ? even as i write this review , scarcely 2 days have past from the red letter day in the struggle against terrorism , in which the ruthless terrorist leader of al qaida in iraq , al-zarqawi , caught himself a couple of 500 lb . bombs with the use of his house . for those who want to keep westerners depressed and demoralized ( not a far stretch from " fear-mongering , " right ? ) in the fight against terrorism , this deals a disappointing blow to those who hate america . what 's worse , they ca n't seem to ban a film exalting american nationalism such as " air force one " from those who wish to see it ( oh no ! ) . and just 2 years ago the same whiners were bitching about " the passion . " sucks to have the 1st amendment apply to every american and not just the idealistic " intellectual " few , does n't it
books pos 972.txt interesting . i never knew there were so many varities of garlic and onions . i 'll be growing some next year
music pos 581.txt eloy ( name taken from h g well ` s time machine ) is a german atmospheric , progressive art rock band that was formed back in 1969. through the years , personal wise , the band has totally turned over , in some positions , several times . their originator frank bornemann ( guitars / vocals ) has persevered , presiding over a three decade band , that has turned out some of the best progressive rock music , i 've had the fortune to hear . ocean ocean , their sixth album , released in 1977 , is a concept album , depicting the rise and fall of atlantis . though there are only four tracks , they average almost eleven minutes each . many eloy aficionados point to this album as their ` tour de force' . it is excellent , but as far as i 'm concerned , based on what i 've heard so far , there is no album that stands heads above the others . overall , ocean has an atmospheric ambience reminiscent of hawkwind or a more unknown band that i once reviewed named ship of fools . it also reminds me jeff wayne 's , war of the worlds . track listing 1. poseidon 's creation ( 11:38 ) **** has a long droning medium pace and a whinny guitar intro . at the 4:40 mark , bornemann finally begins the vocal . there is quite a lot of guitar playing on this song , augmented occasionally by the synth . 2. incarnation of the logos ( 8:25 ) **** has an atmospheric vocal beginning . the song does n't seem to have much of a melody until the 3:40 mark when the synth / organ takes over with a pleasant one , assisted by some percussion and a bell now and then . 3. decay of the logos ( 8:15 ) *** the shortest song at eight minutes seems a little jerky at first with more monologue than music . when it does get going after about three minutes it 's still jerky in a medium paced beat . strong synth playing through the middle . 4. atlantis ' agony at june 5th - 8498 , 13 p.m. gregorian earthtime ( 15:35 ) ***** this is a monster song . it is like nothing i 've ever heard . except for a fifty some second monologue at the beginning , " atlantis.. . " starts with a truly intriguing eight minute plus instrumental intro . not just any intro , like you 're used to , with a full orchestra and violins . no this is an spacey atmospheric intro that would make the great pink floyd , envious , with the propitious use of ghostly sounds and special effects segueing into an amazing five minute organ bridge , with no beat just the hammond a few side effects and you . no it does n't get boring . instead it sets you up for the vocals , which issue forth at about the eight minute mark . slowly the rhythm section establishes a slow beat , while the singer does a great imitation of bob dylan , with a remarkable spacey synth breaking in between the vocal . but we 're not done . with about two minutes left , the band picks up the tempo to a medium fast tempo ( the first time i ` ve heard them play at this speed ) . now the violins join in with the guitar and synth for the finale of this great finale . total time : 43:53 line-up - frank bornemann / guitars , vocals - klaus-peter matziol / basses , vocals - jrgen rosenthal / drums , percussion , flute - detlev schmidtchen / keyboards , mellotron , xylophone , voice - the boys of santiago / chorus ( 1 ) conclusion one of the factors , i find appealing about this band , is that in the span of three decades , they managed to present a style of music which was compatible with each era , so listening to their albums from different periods gives us a window into the progressive music of various time periods . eloy 's musical tempo almost never exceeds medium and on ocean tends to be more in the medium slow range . listening to this and other eloy albums i hear influences from numerous other bands . like many prog bands i hear pink floyd but i also hear uriah heep , moody blues and bob dylan ( really , on track four ! )
camera pos 244.txt i owned this lens for about a year before upgrading to the image stabilized f / 2.8 version . overall i was very happy with the f / 4 lens and miss having it available because of the significantly lower weight . sharpness is amazing and comparable for both lenses , and the f / 4 can provide plenty of background blur . if you are shooting mostly outdoors i would recommend the f / 4.
books neg 778.txt i can see how instructors would be enthusiastic about this book , but unfortunately it will in no way help the student develop their ear training . here 's the problem . the book and cd basically outlines a method of ear training , it is not ear training itself . for example , for each step of the book there is one and only one example on the cd . it is just that , an example , not a training . so , there is one 14 note " lesson " on intervals and from this you are supposed to magically learn how to identify all the major intervals . i do n't think so . however , if you were an instructor then you could use that example as a starting point to develop your own lessons and work with students in recognizing intervals . you could spend a month on variations of that lesson itself since that 's the core of ear training . in fact , if you 're an instructor you can use the whole book as a blueprint for a year long curriculum from recognizing intervals to recognizing chords . by the way , the cd itself mostly uses really dull organ patches . the idea may have been to eliminate timbre as a distraction . however , since one of the goals of ear training is to distinguish timbre from tone , this is another example of how this book / cd in itself wo n't be of much use to students .
books neg 811.txt i first read this book back in the mid-80s after watching the miniseries starring gary cole as dr. jeffrey macdonald . the miniseries absolutely riveted me , as did this book . but upon repeated readings , i began to pick up inaccuracies and errors . i found that the book , rather than answering questions about this case , caused me to question more and more . joe mcginniss , while never a stellar writer to begin with , was eventually exposed as the worst kind of writer , twisting facts and quotes to serve his own purpose , which was to sell his theory and therefore , his book . i have nothing against mr. mcginniss forming his own opinion as to dr. macdonald 's guilt or innocence , but to omit certain facts and blatantly lie about others and misquote principals and research in order to further your own propaganda is sickening . if you want joe mcginniss ' theory on how and why the murders happened , with no regard to the cold hard facts and legal evidence , pick this book up . if you want to read about the case , with all the facts in place both supporting and questioning dr. macdonald , do as other reviewers have suggested and read " fatal justice " , a far more in-depth review of the case and evidence and form your own opinion .
dvd neg 444.txt so i decided maybe i 'll give this exploitation thing a try considering i love gore , violence , and horror movies . the reason i give it a 1 star is because it just is n't that good of a movie . it 's very boring for most of the movie . about the first 20 or so minutes few words are even said . then the guys just rape this woman several times , then she comes back for a very unsatisfying revenge . it 's very slow paced and does n't live up to the hype . it is n't all that gory , and it is n't scary either . also , the rape is n't that convincing . i 'm not saying i need everything shown in detail , but the acting is so bad it makes it seem as if its not even a big deal . oh , and the woman gets revenge on one of the men who raped her...and he was practically mentally retarded . the guy really just fell in with the wrong crowd and they convinced him to do something bad . that is not grounds for what she did to him , which in my opinion was the worst of the killings . anyways . not that good of a movie , do n't let the lure of sleaze and violence make you think it will be worth your time because its not
books neg 482.txt i was hoping the book would be good . most reviews are . however the topics are not really covered at all , more introduced . it was like talking to a drunk bloke about sports , most points are important and relevant but its presented in a way that makes it confusing . they openly admit they dont want the book to be rated on the quality of the english . just as well , long rambling thaughts that do n't form conclusions . not what i wanted or needed . it actually manages to take the fun out of reading and texas holdem all in one go
music neg 733.txt collective soul had a few nice attempts toward pop music like dosage . the main problem i have with this album is none of the songs are hits so no airwaves and the fact that the album probably has about 7 fillers ! its just to flawed to recommend to everyone it may be if you are a diehard collective soul fans . i wouldnt lose this album but i wouldnt buy it again
music pos 353.txt i 'm biased , because i loved the movie and adore the book . gregson-williams does an outstanding job here ( before this , i was most familiar with his score work on metal gear solid videogames ) . the music is extremely touching and magical . the " evacuating london score " ( from the scene in the train station ) tugs at the heartstrings . and the " battle score " brings back the images of the dynamic battle at the movie 's climax . one song that 's missing is the 1940s jazz song played in the movie when the kids are playing hide and seek . other than that absence ( probably due to copyright restrictions ) , this is an excellent cd . as for the " bonus " dvd - i probably would n't purchase it if i had a second chance . it 's got some nice gallery art of movie stills and concept art . there is only one trailer , and it is not the very first one released , which opens with the kids at the mansion and really gets the blood pumpin ' with its intro of the wardrobe . there are also behind-the-scenes interviews i have n't watched yet , but i wonder if they 'll appear again when the movie dvd is released .
software neg 479.txt i feel duped ! i bought spy sweeper at the computer store a year ago . it was the 2.6 version . at first everything was great . i got my definitions , it found traces , it detected spy cookies . when i ran the definition update , i had no problem with the firewall . every time they said upgrade , i did . then i started getting renew e-mail . i had months to go and they sent me renewal e-mails sometimes two or three a week and i ignored them , not only because i knew the year was n't up , but i also was suspicious that it was just another spammer out to get my credit card information . i e-mailed them asking if their renew mails were really from them , voicing my concerns . i got ignored , to when i eventually got to speak to someone , they did n't even know what their renewal e-mail looked like ! the problems began when i updated the latest version which is the 4.5. when i would try to update my definitions i 'd get a warning that there 's was a problem and contact webroot , while it had no problem noting that i had the latest version updates . no settings were changed , not even my firewall which was blamed by them . i think it 's them not me since now it 's suddenly happening . they refuse to address it . then i checked their site about my subscritpion . i knew i had one because i bought it at the store , my subscription does n't expire until june and if i was invalid i doubt i could upgrade to newer versions . what did their page say ? no subscription ! when i wrote i never got a straight answer about it . then i was told that the program was corrupted , download a new copy of the latest version from their site . i did . what did i get ? boxes that said subscription not activated . they knew i had one and they wo n't change it on their site or give me explanations . after pestering does my latest version now say when i expire . i 've asked why it goes online to scan when it does n't need to and i get ignored . so i decided to call but was n't sure how because i 'm in a different time zone . it took several days for them to get back to me by e-mail saying that their mountain time is treated like my eastern time to get a hold of someone . the first person i spoke to after four tries at 15-20 rings each , was nasty , especially when i told him to slow down because he mumbled . i downloaded what he told me to do , he said nothing about the firewall issue despite him telling me he read my tickets about it.the second person sounded like he 'd smoked one too many joints after he decided to answer the phone after 15 rings . he did n't know how to answer any of my firewall questions or why their page kept saying i had no subscription when the program in it 's latest version finally admitted i 'm current after pestering . they do n't give you straight e-mail answers . they do n't answer their phones hoping that after the 15th ring you 'll give up . it wo n't scan everything even when no other programs are running . in the new version it found a spy cookie , it kept repeating the same one over and over despite my checking it as " always remove " .never did that with the previous versions . i do n't like a company who answers questions selectively . i do n't like a company who makes you wait 20 rings . i do n't like a company who blames your computer settings when they never affected the previous versions . webroot 's spy sweeper will be replaced in my desperate search to find a spyware program that actually works , and whose staff answers my questions and not mislead me about my subscription status
books pos 887.txt tony kern has managed to pull together the wisdom and experience of & quot ; the best&quot ; pilots around . his use of case studies of real pilots and real situations includes examples from the military , commercial , and geneal aviation communities . in short , the book is useful for any pilot whether they are working toward their private pilot license or are employed as a senior airline captain . for many pilots , it will reinforce what they already know and practice but for many , it will provide the opportunity to become & quot ; old&quot ; pilots . if you fly , read the book
music pos 717.txt great music , great band . this is a must buy . recommended to all hard rock lovers
dvd pos 579.txt victor hugo 's enormous output is unique in french literature.. . he was described as ' the most powerful mind of the romantic movement ' and his novel , published in 1862 , continued to be widely read.. . the plot - that of a detective - is as well the epic of the people of paris.. . its author claimed it as a ' religious ' work , and indeed by means of its characters , sometimes a little larger than life , yet always vital and engaging , and by its re-creation of the swarming parisian underworld , the main theme of man 's ceaseless combat with evil clearly emerges while the whole gives a faithful picture of the declines and flow of life.. . hugo relives his youth in this vast novel , the culmination of 14 years work.. . he and valjean share their most outstanding characteristic : their charitable heart.. . the story contains glimpses of hugo 's disgust towards ' the treatment of the lower class french citizens by the government : valjean , an ex-convict recently released from prison , but he is not given the opportunity to make a good living for himself ; fantine forced into prostitution due to the lack of money to pay her illegitimate child.. . and towards the ' general injustice of the law enforcement system : valjean sentenced to prison for stealing a loaf of bread ; fantine arrested for hitting a man of a higher class.. . the symbol of france 's greed that hugo despises is thenardier - the man that fantine entrusts cosette to - who betrays the trust by essentially making cosette his personal slave.. . the strongest emotions of " les misrables are love and hate.. . javert and valjean are both extremes , with a conscience incredibly strict.. . liam neeson is cast as the gentle valjean who takes the twist of fate parlaying it into personal success and moral rehabilitation.. . he changes his ways to become years later the much-loved mayor of vigau , and as a caring businessman he struggles to forget the past and manages to redeem his soul becoming benevolent , giving manual and financial help to the weak , sick and poor.. . after nine years , valjean was horrified to discover that javert - a former guard of the quarries of toulon , where he served almost 20 years - has arrived to be the head of vigau 's police force.. . valjean 's desire to protect the employees from bad influences leads him to fire ( indirectly ) one of his workers fantine - turned prostitute.. . he assumes responsibility for raising her daughter cosette.. . he becomes a father figure and soon forces the choice of sacrificing his own freedom for her happiness.. . geoffrey rush plays the icy chief inspector javert , the man who tries " to live his life without breaking a single rule . " when he is given the job of spying in the barricades and valjean gives him his freedom instead of shooting him , things begin to fall apart for him.. . the action of mercy of jean valjean causes him to doubt the solid base of his existence.. . he is in emotional agony unable to betray his convictions.. . he sees too late the truth.. . valjean 's legendary physical strength are enough to stir his suspicion that the town mayor is a fraud.. . he is less villain than a man driven by his own hard concept of justice begging permission of his superiors in paris to investigate the mayor , the man he believes is a convict.. . when he thinks he has made a mistake in identifying monsieur le maire as the ' convict ' jean valjean , he insists on informing him that he has denounced him unjustly and that therefore he must be dismissed : " you must punish me " , he says , " or my life will have been meaningless . " ( a key line in the film ) . uma thurman approaches the self-indulgent character of fantine with admirable restraint , giving a certain level of charm and charisma to the film.. . she gives her sick mother role a good amount of realism demonstrating her character 's frustration and pain exquisitely.. . fantine 's misery overwhelms her as she sells her body to support her child.. . being in a wild state , enraged at how she is a helpless victim of misery , she is arrested after being humiliated by several would-be customers , but valjean intercedes on her behalf overriding javert 's authority.. . when valjean helps her , she begins to rediscover hope.. . her joy at the thought of having cosette with her is great.. . but the shock of valjean 's arrest and the discover that cosette is not there , are too much for the poor creature.. . claire danes plays the teenage cosette who realizes one day that she has become quite beautiful.. . she disobeys her father 's rules by secretly sneaking out and seeing marius - a charismatic young parisian revolutionary - with whom she fell in love.. . cosette spends her childhood as a servant girl at the thenardier 's inn , horribly mistreated and constantly terrified.. . she grew up in a convent , innocent , pure and a bit nave.. . peter vaughan is excellent as the compassionate bishop whose act of generosity turns an embittered valjean around.. . bille august tries to capture the essence of hugo 's morality staging its political turmoil strongly enough to give it contemporary resonance , keeping the eternal three elements : the bishop handing over the candlesticks ; fantine 's collapse ; marius crying out : " to the barricades ! " history does n't change , as voltaire once remarked.. . but what we need from it , does.. . valjean 's story is not unique , it 's universal.. . in other world , it 's contemporary.. . there are certainly enough " les misrables " to go all around the world.. .
software neg 109.txt be advised , this software is for a single user , only licensed for one computer . i bought this for home use after using ss% for 2 years and v-com said it would no longer be supported of 03 / 06. i installed it on 2 home computers , it worked fine for 4 weeks , then it popped up a box on my second computer that i couls not use it because it was licensed on another computer , i needed to buy additional license for each computer . when i tried to use it on my main computer , it popped up the same message . so now it will not work on either computer . i uninstalled it and sent it back . just because it 's cheap does not mean it 's any good
books neg 914.txt cryptic and confusing muddle of mush . if this is the " new style " of writing , we are in trouble folks .
books pos 923.txt i had ordered this for hanukkah 2006 , but luckily i took a sneak peak first . my daughter , aged 4 , would find this far too scary . despite its inappropriateness for the younger , more sensitive reader , it is excellently written and very well illustrated . i have not returned it , but it 'll be a while before it comes down from my shelf
dvd neg 417.txt the transfer is real real bad , the story is also weird but its o
books pos 100.txt greg and tim know what they are talking about and glad to add this book to my collection ! walt disney records deserved a treatment like this and it would make a great gift for the holidays ! a+++++++++++++++++
software pos 273.txt not for the professional but gets the job done for the most part
books neg 477.txt this book bears litthe relevance to the ' original ' fourth edition book of the same name . there is no coordination with the text . most of the concepts are explained in terms of economics not computer science , i have to wonder if the whole idea is a gross mistake or a scam . i feel cheated
camera neg 645.txt just returned the mobicam - had poor reception , even in adjacent room ! smallo screen & not stable - falls easy & seems like would break very quickly with a 3 yr old in the house !
software neg 125.txt all i wanted was a way to identify some files , remember which ones so every time i wanted to backup , i would press " go " and the backup would start . alohabob was too " smart " for my use . first , it has this intelligent file finder that finds what is likely to be backed up . i indicate that i want to select my own files ( which it lets me think i can do ) . then thinking it would bring me to browser window - - no , no , no...it still needs to waste time doing its indexing as if i had selected the " smart find " . i then manually select my files ( great ! ! ) . in trying to save the " template " of what files i wanted to backup , it requires that i make it a reoccurring backup with selected backup frequency ( yuk ! ! ) . i want to back up when i get to it ( about once a month , not when it wants to - - i am backing up to a dvd which i need to put in the drive ) . ok , so now i am over that and the backup begins - great ! ! ! upon returning into the application a month later , i can not select my saved " template " to " run now " , it will run when it is scheduled to run : ( so...i need to repeat the whole process just to get the same files as last time backed up . i exchanged emails with the company and they understood but were not going to " add " the features i described . oh well - it looked like such a promising product . now i need to find another that satisfies my requirements
camera pos 343.txt this is an elegant leather case for the canon elph cameras . it fits in the pocket easily . i 'm satisfied
software pos 187.txt this program does exactly as i expect . i am very pleased
music pos 221.txt i wore out my tape of cypress . afoot is great , but cypress is amazing . i bought this while stationed in the army . there were n't too many " new wave " tapes available at the px , and i was n't going to listen to def leppard or bon jovi . so i bought cypress . one of those rare tapes that i bought 20 years ago and still listen to every few months ( the jam 's snap and setting sons , and the smith 's hatful of hollow are 3 other tapes i never tired of ) . get this cd . get it now ! it is great . thanks for reissuing it .
camera neg 53.txt i got it just today and used it for cleaning my lens . the solution might be useful , the blower is useful , the swabs can be useful with their pointed tips , but the so called " magic cloth " is anything but magic . it kept leaving lint on my lens
music neg 835.txt this cd is pretty awful , you wonder why leona even got the chance to record a cd , one of the worst songs ever is calling , , it sounds like taunting from elementary school kids on the playground , na na na na , na na na na , i agree with the reviewer who said she is a very weak edie brickell sounding singer....... .
health pos 274.txt bought this for use by my husband while he was in a nursing home and i used it to shave and cut his hair with while he was there , no hair on him or pillows or sheets . this is wonderful for anyone that does not want a mess while trimming or cutting hair , i also used it on the tougher part of his beard . wonderful item
health pos 171.txt it is not one of the stain removers , which instantly gets rid of the stain . so when you spill over something over your t-shirt , you got to spill this tide stain remover on it as well so it does make sure that your cloth wouldnt be clogged with stain but its not an immedieate relief solution
software neg 149.txt junk ! i am a professional photographer and have used 2.0 for years for quick fixes and easy additions , thinking they might have made some improvements to make life easier.. . i was wrong . this program is a step back . i was a refund ! i do n't know who is writing they like this new version , but buyer beware ! laur
camera neg 910.txt i 've just returned this unit . it does n't play videos as advertised . i was able to get it to properly play .avi files at 320 x 240 resolution...see other review below . but 320x240 gives a postage stamp size picture . at 640 x 480 the playback was full size but jerky and broken....more later . i have now had 3 different brands of 8 " photo frames in my possession : a phillips , a pandigital , and this coby . i have developed the following list of features in my " ideal " photo frame . first , video playback : i 've been taking a lot of video clips with my digital still camera...they come out well and the convenience of not having to lug my camcorder along , and the ability to quickly transfer clip files within / between chips and my computer is attractive . i would like a frame which will play the format my camera is taking ( .mov , more later ) i 'd also like the frame to play a multi-media show...that is , to play movie clips in show presentations , intermixed with .jpg photo files . second feature is to play .wma music files , in addition to mp3. this is because i have a non-ipod personal music player . all my music is in .wma format because it is roughly half the file size of mp3. third , i would like a timer on my frame...set it to come on in the morning , off at night , for example . fourth , i 'd like an audio or speaker out feature . none of these frames has home theater-like sound , and i have an extra pair of computer speakers i 'd probably hook up . video out could come in handy too . fifth , i 'd like to be able to rotate stills from within the frame 's software , manually or automatically . yes , you can rotate them in the computer , but the frame may or may not preserve the rotation . ( this may depend on which photo edit program you are using . ) sixth , i 'd like a folder hierarchy file management system in the frame 's software . especially with the huge chips now available , i see an advantage to push a couple of buttons and change the picture set ( folder ) , rather than switching out chips . here is where the 3 units i 've had stack up , followed by my next ( fourth ) unit . i am keeping the pandigital....which costco has for $140. it plays .mov video files , but not within a slideshow . it has no speaker out jack and the sound is tinny . it requires mp3 music files . it permits picture rotation . no folder management system . no clock / timer . no ability to play stills / video intermixed . i think the coby and phillips picture quality is brighter but the pandigital is ok . the phillips did n't play video , and since it also had a software glitch when i returned it i decided to look elsewhere . ( no remote and no music with the philips either . ) the coby wo n't play my videos , even after i used my converter program to try about 10 different mp4 and avi variations . the coby plays .wma music files , wo n't rotate stills , has no folder system , no clock / timer . it has a speaker out jack . it does not permit intermixing video and stills in one multimedia show . picture quality is fully equal to philips , generally the recognized standard . if all you want is photos , and never turn your camera sideways , this unit will be a good value . another unit i 'd like to get to play with would be the image moments model by digitalfoci . i 've exchanged emails with someone there who clearly knows what they are talking about and i believe this unit will intermix my photos and videos .
health pos 265.txt first off , ignore renee 's rating , this woman has issues ! ! ! ! ! ! this toothbrush works great ! would highly recommend .
dvd pos 409.txt notice to parents , there is some verbal material unsuited for little ones , adult nature . a woman grows to 50-ft placing an extra strain on a strained marriage . daryl hanna and daniel baldwin . this is a light monster film not gory . it is good for that it carries some laughs , punny stuff , and summer flick character . no deep story , folks
health neg 233.txt this is not my first facial sauna but it is the worst i 've used . the " cold " function does not work well ( not significantly enough at least ) but the hot function works fine . it tends to leak the water you put in , even if you keep it below the max-fill line .
software pos 282.txt i run two websites using this program , easy learning curve , i recommend it to all my newbie friends that need a simple , workable program . ignore the crittics , this is a nice program.only wish in batch editing i could do multiple web page saves .
music pos 282.txt first , i 'd like to say that i am so glad there are artists like amel around who are n't trying to fit in with today 's commercial r&b scene . as a long time fan of r&b and soul music i ca n't help but feel sad and dissapointed at the direction the genre is taking , especially in regards to female singers . she may be beautiful , but she does n't need to use her looks to overcompensate for any lack of vocal talent by flaunting herself . amel has a beautiful soul , and you can hear that through her wonderful voice and lyrics . every song on this album has at some point or another touched me , some songs straight away while others grew on me slowly . you know how sometimes when you 're listening to music and a particular lyric or vocal piece makes you shiver ? amel 's got that down for me . i was firstly introduced to nusoul by teedra moses , someone who i 've admired for two years now , and who to me seemed one of the few decent r&b singers left . through teedra i stumbled on amel 's " bravebird " and became more and more curious as i listened to the album over and over . like with most nu / soul , the love i have for each song grew slowly , and songs i thought were n't for me suddenly became my favorites on the album . i love that about amel ; she makes me suprise myself , as i become emotionally involved with her music and voice over time until i 'm enchanted . " for real " hit me instantly as a beautiful song . i never get tired of it 's cute opening where amel 's daughter babbles something in baby talk ! i 'd love to talk about each song individually , but i 'd probably just bore you . to me amel 's music is a personal experience , and most likely strikes people in different ways . i will mention however , " congo " - one of the songs on there i was tempted to skip at first but has fast become something of an obsession which crops into my head throughout the days , with it 's monotonous jungle vibe . other personal favorites include " we can be new " , " say you want it " , " all i got2 " ... hell the whole album really . along with other outstanding artists of the nu-soul genre , amel has succesfully metamorphosised my taste in back music . trust me , you 'll never go back to commercial r&b again
dvd pos 426.txt i do not consider it hyperbole to talk about the second season of " buffy the vampire slayer " as scaling operatic heights , culminating with the glorious aria of " becoming , part 2 , " which i still relentlesly tout as one of the ten best dramatic hours on television i have ever seen in my life . i have watched a lot of television and have been teaching classes about this topic for over half my life , so i believe i can make a pretty convincing case . we witnesses the potential of this series in season 1 , when creator joss whedon held off on the revelation that the mysterious angel was really a vampire , who just happened to have a soul and loved the slayer , until half way through the abbreviated first season . in season 2 , we find out just how far true love can go wrong . love continues to be a very painful thing for the scooby gang , as cordelia ( " some assembly required " ) , xander ( " inca mummy girl " ) and joyce ( " ted " ) , find out . then again , prospects look much better for willow ( " phases " ) , although we never really do take the cordelia-xander romance ( " go fish " ) to be anything more than a cosmic joke , which does offer up the delightfully twisted " bewitched , bothered , and bewildered " as the exception that proves the rule ( footnote : buffy spends most of the episode as the buffy rat because sarah michelle gellar was hosting snl that week ) . of the off-arc stories , " halloween " and " ted " are clearly the best of the bunch . but when it comes to romance , buffy and angel are truly on the road to hell paved with the best of intentions . it is clear in the season premier episode , " when she was bad , " that things are different . when buffy dances seductively with xander , taunting him with her sexuality , the ante has been upped considerably . the pivotal point in the season comes with episode 13 ( of 22 ) , " surprise , " when buffy unknowingly undoes angel 's curse on the night of her 17th birthday by making love to him . why the gypsies put in the faustian ( in the goethe sense ) escape clause via the moment of true happiness and contentment is debatable , but the galvanizing effect on the show is truly impressive . when angelus brutally slays jenny calendar in " passion , " leaving her body in a grotesque display for giles to discover in his bed ( while opera music soars in the background ) , it is the symbolic hellmouth of the show opening up . the audience is shocked into realizing how bad things can get , only the worst is yet to come . giles 's anger buys him one shot at angelus , but buffy has to rescue him . they turn on each other in anger , and buffy actually slugs him to the ground before they collapse weeping in each other 's arms . buffy tells him , " i ca n't do this alone , " but this proves to be most ironically incorrect . clearly whedon constructs each season around two half-season story arcs . the first half of season 2 heralds the arrival of spike and dru , and the quick departure of " the annoying one . " of course now we look back and are amazed at what james marsters has done with the role of spike , but at this point it is juliet landau 's ditzy psychotic vampire who provides the flair of the dark side . whedon brings the first half to a climax in " what 's my line ? , " the show 's first two-parter , where we are introduced to kendra the vampire slayer . it seems buffy 's brief moment of death at the hands of the master in " prophecy girl " has some long reaching implications we only begin to appreciate at this point . but with the return of angelus everything changes . spike and drusilla are trying to reassemble the judge , a grotesque who cannot be killed " by any weapon forged . " then everybody learns the truth about not only angel 's transformation but also jenny 's betrayal . thus begins the deadly game of cat and mouse between angel and his former allies , which culminates in the two parts of " becoming . " both parts of " becoming " are written and directed by whedon , and represent the apex of his work on the series . when angeleus opens the portal to hell , only his blood can close it , but things are not going to be that easy for buffy . the dramatic culmination contains the best fight sequence ( with swords ) in a show that prides itself on innovative staging of its fights , and is an ultimately emotionally shattering experience captured beautifully by sarah michelle gellar 's slow dissolve into tears while the haunting sarah mclachlan song " full of grace " is played . joss whedon had set this moment up from the first episode of the series . it is a payoff usually reserved for the final episode of a series and not simply the end of the second season . " becoming " is truly an astounding accomplishment in the history of dramatic television and when you watch the entire second season again you can appreciate how brilliantly this shattering conclusion is set up . the original theatrical film was a teaser , the first season on television was an appetizer , but the second season of " buffy the vampire slayer " was epic and once you see this , whether again or for the first time , you are not going to want to stop here . it was also nice to see that the extras went up a couple of notches for the season 2 dvd collection , especially since we expect more goodies from whedon and crew , especially given the high quality of " the watchers guide , " the show 's official companion volumes . there was a lot of thought put into this show , which means any and all insights and looks behind the curtain are greatly appreciated
camera pos 374.txt the philips digital frame truly stands out from all other digital pictures frames that i 've gotten . the resolution and picture quality superb , and the sleek outer design is an additional plus . also , the picture frame can be charged and last a couple of hours without a cord , which is very convenient . as another reviewer said , you have to scroll through your entire collection one-by-one on your memory card in order for you to get to the picture you want . it would be more convenient if you could skip through pages or have a blackberry type rolling scroll on the side of the frame to speed through if you needed to . also , i would like to see philips next frame include a flashdrive slot as well , that way we can upload pictures from our computers to the usb flash drive and directly insert the flash drive into the frame without tranferring them onto a memory card . thank you
health pos 641.txt love it ! love it ! love it ! it 's like a high pressure car wash . ( i do n't sound like a high pressure salesman ?
health neg 160.txt i was very disappointed in this dryer and am returning it . it is very heavy and i am not a weakling ! it is also very big . with my arm stretched out all the way i can barely get it to my head . because it is so heavy and big i have ' banged ' myself on the head with the ' fingers' . just things to consider when deciding whether to buy this dryer .
music pos 753.txt live alive is good enough to buy in my standered's .....i really think this was recorded poorly but the songs on it are really good if you play it in your car , or on bigger speakers so you can really hear everything much better . their are many good songs included on this complination of live performence 's spanning from performences from montreux jazz festival , austin opera house , and the dallas starfest . this recordings are all from 85-through 86. jimmie vaughan appears on willie the wimp , love struck baby , look at little sister , and change it playing guitar , and string bass . i think the worst song on the entire complination is voodoo chile ( slight return ) which is kind of weird for me to say because i think that was truely the best song stevie ray played live but in this case its not . other than that i really think for what it is it 's a average live performence .
camera neg 741.txt did not get kodak max , instead recieved regular kodak crv3 battery . i thought i was ordering a better version , seller needs to change misleading picture !
health neg 500.txt this scale is too small , i have size 11 feet and my feet dont fit on the scal
camera pos 146.txt this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 !
camera pos 224.txt i use this gem on my 20d along with my 24-105mm , and as far as i 'm concerned it is one of the best optical lenses out there . my 24-105 is n't the ideal indoor / low light lens nor is it the ideal sports photography lens ( although it is sharp , just not quite long enough ) the 70-200 fills in that gap in my arsenal with is to boot ! the photos i 've taken so far on the sidelines are all keepers . if you can afford it , do it , you wo n't regret i
dvd pos 417.txt this review refers to " excalibur " ( dvd-region 2 ) in days of old , with knights so bold , and fair maidens glittering all in gold , lays the legend of king arthur , camelot , and the powerful , mystical sword known as " excalibur " . john boorman 's beautiful artistic film ( adopted from sir arthur mallory 's " le morte d'arthur " ) , will captivate you and take you away to another time and place . from the birth of arthur , merlin taking him away for 20 years , arthur drawing " excalibur " from the stone , the emergence of camelot , the magical powers of merlin and the evil morgana , to arthur 's demise and being taken off to avalon , the beauty of this film and this story will have you under a spell . the european cast and the exquisite location shoots in the country side of ireland add a sense of authenticity to the flavor of this film . king arthur , the knights of the round table , sir lancelot , guinevere , merlin , morgana , sir gawain , percival , uther , they 're all very much part of the story , and the cast is tremendous . nigel terry is the good and noble king arthur , lancelot and guinevere , who loved their king but also each other are played by nicholas clay and cherie lunghi . you 'll see stellar performances by a young gabriel bryne ( in his first feature film ) , patrick stewart , and liam neeson . helen mirren is excellent as the evil morgana , and the always wonderful nicol williamson is the magical mystical merlin this edition is for viewers with dvd players compatible with region 2 ( japan , europe , south africa , and the middle east , including egypt ) .some players are multi-regional , so check your manual . parents...although a wonderful tale of knights and fair ladies , this is not one for younger viewers . the battle scenes are violent and a bit graphic and there are also some sexual situations . " first knight " with richard gere and sean connery , although not quite as true to the legend , is rated pg-13 , is quite an entertaining film , and may be more suitable for family viewing ( there is some violence ) . a beautiful story and film . enjoy....lauri
software pos 844.txt this remote works really well and it 's easy to create your own profiles for whatever application you use , or to customize it however you want . there is a good user community that is doing a lot of cool things with the firefly . set up is simple and the range is good . it " just works . " the only suggestion is that the buttons are not backlit so it 's hard to use in the dark . adding to that problem is that the remote is pretty much symmetrical so you can be holding it upside down and not really realize it . if it were n't for that i 'd give it five stars , and if they came out with a version that had backlit buttons i would n't hesitate to upgrade
health pos 609.txt i bought the first mattress topper for myself and my husband . after the first night i knew i wanted one to put in our rv too . my husband complained about the smell when i unpacked the topper but that dissipates quickly and he too slept well and woke up without back pain for the first time in years . he had me order one for his sister for christmas . i thought my sister would enjoy this comfortable mattress topper so now i have purchased four ! this is a wonderful product . i would recommend it to anyone
music neg 941.txt i bought two copies of this sacd , both had glitches and would not play in my player correctly , be forewarned . i dont have any other problems with other sacds so i assume it is in the production somewhere . they would lock up for no reason , this is right out of the box , both copies .
camera neg 155.txt yes , i have to agree with the previous review . it does n't seem to make any difference in reducing lens flare from light sources . it does n't seem to extend far enough to actually do anything . if it was less expensive i would n't mind as much , and just chalk it up to extra protection . but that seems to be all it 's good for
software pos 285.txt not sure how i got it , but i got a browser hijacker that adaware and spybot would n't get rid of . on top of that i got a trojan that these programs and my avast antivirus would n't get rid of . so out of desperation to do something quickly , i went to b.buy and bought this for $40. they did n't have a large selection , so i put down the money for it . imagine my feeling when i saw it on amazon for $20. still this product works well . it made me uninstall spybot , adaware , and turn off my windows firewall to install it . you can install it on 3 different computers , or it asked you to switch your license from one of them , should you install it a fourth time . so you can install it more than 3 times , you jsut have to switch your lisenses..understand ? product works very well and got rid of my problems . you get updates for 1 year , and then you have to renew . i think this is stupid personally , but its the trend now days . its a rip...you pay $40 for spyware or virus protection and it should be good for more than a year . several annoying windows pop up from time to time asking me what i want it to do . i wish there was some default user setting so the program could do it . the firewall slows down your connection , but they all do . i have 3mg dsl and my speed test are down around 1300k , so i 've lost alot of bandwith . i guess its worth the protection . before with spybot and adaware , the spyscans would typically find 25+ issues of spyware . now with trend micro , i find only 5 to 10 issues on my weekely scan . so i 'm happy with the product , except for my decrease in dsl speed
software pos 624.txt excellent software to manage your large backup hard drives . you can format , partition , split , merge and a whole lot of other things . if you purchase a large backup hard drive i recommend this software and the acronis true image software . with both , you can partition your drive and have a ghost copy of your c: \ drive in one partition and daily backups of my documents in another . this way in case of a hd crash you have a bootable backup . ( note that the software that comes with backup hard drives will not make a bootable backup of your hard drive . ) thats why i recommend both acronis software packages
health neg 882.txt i am a big fan of the regular clic reading glasses . i own several pairs and think they are great . however , the sport goggles do not get my vote of confidence . they have three problems which make them unusable for me : 1 ) on all clic products there is an all important stem adjustment that adjusts the length of the stems to properly fit the glasses onto your head . however , unlike the very cool regular reading glasses by clic , the sport googles do not adjust properly and so the goggles run very tight if you need even a slightly above average stem legnth , 2 ) there is also extra foam padding on the sport googles that make them very snug , but because of the tight stems the foam padding makes these glasses far too tight to enjoy and 3 ) the maker does n't make it as clear as they should in their description ... the irridium ( red ) colored lens on some of the sports goggles are far too intensely tinted and dark for any kind of regular light conditions or applications like morning driving ... or even safe walking on a rocky path . sorry clic , but your success with the reading glasses went to your head ... you needed to do more user testing for comfort and vision with the sports goggles . i would like to return them for a larger size and lighter colored lens ... too bad for me !
books pos 79.txt this book is a rare but insightful look into the practice of one of the new urbanist legends . uda began the pattern book revival a decade ago ( and also has a book out describing the process of writing one . ) they also are one of the pioneers of the new urbanist revolution , which , by discarding the fictions of modernist planning , have rediscovered existing methods and have discovered new methods of creating compact , mixed-use and walkable neighborhoods that were always the basic cellular structure of cities from the dawn of time until just before world war ii . we have understood the basic principles again for some time . what this book shows are some of the mechanics of how to do it again
books pos 553.txt pictures via camera reflect not only what the photographer sees , but what he thinks about . the most successful reflect an understanding of things as much as their image , and jerry thompson 's exploration of the relationship between seeing and thinking in truth and photography provides a set of fine duotone photos to illustrate essays reflecting on working photography experiences
dvd pos 413.txt this is simply one of the best detective story ever made and jerry goldsmith 's sound track ( which i also own ) is probaby the best sound track . it was his favorite . jack , faye & john are at their best
health pos 938.txt i have used opti-free enzymatic cleaner for years , still with the same great results . i have a feeling this type of product wo n't be around much longer , because my using extended-wear contacts seems to be a rarity at my optometrist 's office , where everyone else is wearing the disposal lenses that are always in stock
software pos 731.txt i find turbo tax to be the original and best income tax preparation program . i really saddened to hear people knock it on here because they felt cheated that this version does n't come with state tax features . well , if you are going to shop online , you 'd better learn to read the specifications for products ! i came to amazon precisely because i knew i 'd be able to find what i needed , for less . texas has no state income tax , so i make sure that i buy turbo tax for federal only . thanks for letting me get that little rant off my chest
camera pos 284.txt i 've had this lens for 2 months now , and love it . it was my first " l " lens and i can see the quality difference in this line . first , i tried the 28-135 is-pretty good . but i was n't totally happy , so returned it and ordered the 24-105 l . now i 'm happy . contrast , sharpness , & ca are much better . build quality & feel are superior as well . plus the is really works . i will try & get all is lens in the future , i believe it is worth the extra cost . focusing is very quick and zoom action is smooth & steady . if you 're on a budget , the 28-135 is real nice . but to go all the way , i recommend this lens . the is on the 24-105 l is quieter i found . the price is a bit steep , but optical quality is there , resale value will remain good , and weather sealing should hopefully keep dust and junk from getting inside this lens .
books neg 220.txt if you liked whyte 's previous sophomoric efforts , you 'll love this . in addition to being the same dumb , hackneyed story lines and stock characters we are used to from the previous books , this one has the additional feeling of being pure filler : in no real way does the story get advanced . arthur begins as a baby , and ends as a small boy . there are adventures , but nothing important happens . as usual , in whyte 's books , the bad guys are left alive so they can sneak up and do new evil , and as usual the bad guys are pure plot devices and in no way characters . with all the ( totally ahistorical ) democratic rhetoric , merlin 's brother shows up out of nowhere and they immediately hand him half the power in camelot . anyone who would read this , i guess , has already read the previous lame offerings in this series and does n't object to laughably boring plots which rely heavily on coincidence , caricatures who never grow or change , and historical detail that sounds like it comes from a museum brochure rather than any real scholarship . so go for it . but please , if you want something exciting that will also make you think , look at the really good arthurian efforts out there- -gillian brandshaw , a.a. attanasio , or barbara taylor bradford to name just a very few. .
music neg 53.txt when i think of the sex pistols , i think the monkeys did it better as a boy band . let 's face it , dears , that is all the sex pistols were : a marketing ploy . they are f- -- --g nsync for another generation
health pos 447.txt this is the best shaver i have found during 25 to 30 years of electric shaving
books neg 174.txt this is a nearly verbatim rendition of the grimms ' story , and it 's hard to understand why zelinsky would use his talent to illustrate it for children . even harder to figure out is how the american library association could award its caldecott medal for distinguished american picture book for children to any rendition of this dreadful tale : the king threatens to kill the miller 's daughter if she ca n't spin gold from straw . rumpelstiltskin saves her life by spinning gold for her , but extracts a necklace , a ring and , on the third night of spinning , a promise of her firstborn . she then marries the king , whom zelinsky depicts as young and handsome . when it comes time for the queen to hand over her newborn , rumpel agrees to relent if the queen can discover his name . she sends a servant to follow him into the woods and discover the name . so the king , though he looks good , is greedy and brutal . the queen is a victim who agrees to give over a future infant to save her own life , and then depends on an anonymous , unrecognized " servant girl " to save the child . and rumpelstiltskin , shown as physically unattractive and ( the message seems to be ) therefore bad , is the one who saved the future queen from execution and then relents on the payment he bargained for . a weird , twisted story that offers nothing for kids , illustrated with renaissance-style pictures that accentuate the perversity by making the bad guy look good and the guy who saved the damsel in distress look bad
dvd neg 530.txt i have probably never seen a movie with quality as bad as this . even my old tapes from tv were 500% better . the picture was faded , the characters looked like they were 90 years old and the sound track was off so badly that it also garbled words , so looking away from the movie did not help . it is also one hour long- -but seemed like three-probably a copy of a tv movie as it also had cuts for commercials though i could not find any place that said this . it was advertised as a 2 hour dvd-and it is- -i guess , but i could not see any more of it . at the end of one hour , it just showed credits and it was over . i am returning it-and it is the first copy of a dvd that i have ever returned for picture and sound quality
health pos 69.txt item received in perfect condition . checked with doctor . very good blood pressure monitor . thank you
dvd pos 904.txt in response to the earlier reviewer , this is sergio garrone 's django il bastardo , not the other film the reviewer mentioned . django il bastardo is a small gem among spaghetti westerns , a low budget b movie in which a ghost ( django ) avenges his own death ( a topic later adapted by clint eastwood for his & quot ; high plains drifter&quot ; ) . hence , steffen 's & quot ; wooden&quot ; acting is totally appropriate for the role . a little jewel with nice gothic atmosphere , innovative camera tricks and good supporting actors ( a standout is luciano rossi as the main baddie 's insane brother )
health pos 576.txt this is an exceptional value for an exceptional dryer . i have paid alot more for more well known , brand named dryers . i have long thick hair and this product dries my hair in half the time other dryers have done in the past . buy this hair dryer , you wo n't be sorry
books pos 329.txt this book is one of the best on understanding dogs and also for training them . our daughter dr. shannon dominguez dch who is head of the maui animal therapy program - - - highly recommends this book . [...] she has trained therapy dogs in a short time using these methods . we have adopted two little terriers from shelter and they are respondeing beautifully to the day by day suggestions on how to train young as well as old dogs and we would say these methods would work on children : - ) as well ! !
software neg 322.txt norton old password manager worked much better . it is a pain to use especially if you use the same password for serveral different websites . after using it for a couple of weeks , most of the time not working properly , the final straw was that it suddenly stopped recognizing my infovault password . several emails to norton and nothing but worthless repsonses . hours wasted trying to get help from their website ! even when i just wanted to know if i unstalled the product would password manager still work , no response .
software pos 816.txt i wanted this bible for mother 's day after i did not get it i ordered it on june 25 and got it rather quickly . enough said about the wonderful shipping time with amazon prime . i normally do not like bibles that do not have the words of christ in red but this bible is sensational . i love it ! ! ! ! i like the way it gives an overview of each book of the bible . the colorful maps and illustrations make this bible beautiful . at the end of the bible there are 365 memory verses to be learned each day . so not only is studying emphasized but learning scriptures is also emphasized . this bible is wonderful for individuals who are new to reading the bible . i would highly recommend geting this bible as a gift for a new convert or seasoned veteran in the gospel who is interested in in depth study . reading this bible is fun .
dvd pos 998.txt absolutely riveting performance by noah taylor as the thirty-year old adlof hitler . the story is very uneven , however , but taylor is perfect and brings the film up to a must-see five stars . you are there .
software neg 408.txt i am a software tech . i first " free trial " v6 online - 1. finds 131 errors , but will only fix 4 ( must buy full version ! ) . sheesh ! 2. buy full version with 20% off coupon ( 3 computer lic , for only $9.95 more - their web site ) . 3. does not remove left / overs.. . , from old uninstalled pgms . ( fix-it utilities " 6 " safely did - read my review ) . 4. then they only support updates.. . for 1 year - auto-renew ! rip-off ! i got a refund , and will never use them again
health pos 490.txt i love these bars . i 've tried all the flavors and they 're all pretty darned great . i eat them more for a snack than a meal because they are n't as filling as i 'd like , but they 're great for a snack or sugar craving
software pos 754.txt if you 're looking for a professional office suite , ms office 2007 has no real competitors . i 've worked extensively with corel office and some with open office . they 're fine for the basics , and they cost less . but if you 're looking for effectiveness , integration , speedy productivity , and an incredible array of tools , you 'll want to buy ms office 2007. and as an added bonus , the interface makes it a pleasure to work in
health neg 558.txt i had a good massaging heating pad that was great , and i used it on my legs a lot . , thought i could replace it . this one is not even in the ballpark . absolutely useless , i have been had
software pos 311.txt i found wordperfect to be much more intuitive than microsoft office . the reveal codes function has really eased many formating headaches and i love the automatic pdf maker
camera neg 756.txt i bought this camera after owning an olympus digital camera for years . i was extremely happy with my olympus , but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse or diaper bag since i 'm expecting . this camera was such a disappointment . just about every single picture i took had huge white blobs all over it . ( this only happened when using the flash . i must admit the camera takes great pictures in broad daylight without the flash . ) plus , if you used the zoom at all , the pictures came out fuzzy . the first digital camera i ever owned ( 7 years ago ) took better pictures ! the store i bought the camera from would n't take it back because i waited two days past the 14-day return policy . so , i sold the camera and took a $100 loss . i 'd much rather lose $[...] than keep this camera
health pos 674.txt nicely designed . , effecitve , close shave , very reasonable cost , but..could they tell you simply how to turn it on ? embarassed to admit , took me almost 15 minutes to figure out the on / off feature
software neg 385.txt i 've been a loyal user of systemworks ( also " utilities " & antivirus ) for many years , frequently buying upgrades as i moved through various windows oss . the latest verison ( 2006 ) has been a big disappointment . 1 ) the " integrator " repeatedly crashes ( and " must shut down " ) . i was told to reintall ( it took 4 hours ) . tech support ( email ) was slow and barely intelligible . 2 ) the full scan now takes over 8 hours on a modest sized system . 3 ) the utilities have not been substantially improved in 5 years 4 ) the rebate ( for upgrade users ) came in the form of a debit card , not a check . ( what a hassle ! i do n't want any more " plastic " ! ) 5 ) turning the norton protection off substantially speeds up my pc . what the heck is going on back there ? during the next year , i 'll be looking for a new anti-virus support product . cheers , joh
health neg 65.txt there are no energy drink ingredients in this stuff . it 's sugar water with a miniscule amount of vitamin c . a completely pathetic rip-off marketing hype which sadly is being sold as a troop supporting product . supporting the troops should not involve buying garbage sugar water at high prices . if you want an energy drink try rockstar or monster . if you want to support the troops buy a savings bond
software neg 693.txt do not waste your money ! i consider myself pretty computer savvy , but this software is not easy to use . you 'd have an easier time just drawing out your ideas by hand .
dvd pos 203.txt i saw this movie in the 1986 theatrical re-release and subsequently on dvd . i can readily attest that it does not age ! i 'm not even a dog person myself , but the plot is not about dogs per say , but the life adventures that a young cocker spaniel named lady has . living with owners named darling and jim dear , lady apparently leads a pretty good life . assuming that every dog leads the good life she and her friends enjoy , she is later shocked to meet tramp , who lives on the streets . however , she soon realizes that he has a good heart beneath that rough exterior . she needs his help when crusty old aunt sarah comes to mind the house- -and the newborn baby . initially not understanding that lady feels protective towards the baby , she also selectively ignores the damage which her two siamese cats were actually responsible for doing to that very elaborate victorian house . amazingly , aunt sarah presumes that lady was responsible for wrecking the house- -and attempts to muzzle her up ! like any streetwise character , tramp has lots of connections and solutions to any problem which pops up . however , he does not come across as an annoying know-it-all who you would want to quickly get rid of . tramp is instead somebody whom we are supposed to both identify and then want to hang out with in rough environments . lady had ' gentle ' friends named jock and trusty , but they ca n't help out in a world also outside of their own . of course , the spaghetti dinner scene remains one of the most enduring of all time- -it made a very profound impact on me well before i was even old enough to myself consider dating . i imagined that i would eventually share a romantic dinner of my own with my own " mr. right " . however , tramp 's decision to go after the rat in the nursery also remains a powerful scene . he then felt no loyalty to anybody in that family other than lady , but saved the baby anyway ! tramp proved that class is not a matter of breeding but what you do with your self ! despite his earlier professed discomfort with collars , tramp ultimately gets adopted by the darlings . therefore , he and lady do in fact live happily ever after .
dvd pos 958.txt i love this old paul newman movie . the plot is terrific . the characters and all the family personalities are very realistic . the story taking place down south is refreshing . paul newman is very sexy . i highly recommend seeing this movie if you are a paul newman fan .
music neg 577.txt here 's a line from the song vato on this album : " i would n't be the n_____ that i am if i did n't pop n____z in the mouth . " is n't that poetic ? snoop dogg manages to pull off an amazing feat . he makes sex , drugs and violence seem so ... boring . i feel like i am supposed to be offended . but it 's too boring to be offensive . we have songs about every kind of gang violence , every kind of drug , and every kind of cheap sex . and what are we left with ? he gets two stars because his approach to the city of los angeles is fresh and loving . hip hop should be local , and he does a good job with that . otherwise it 'd be a one-star
health neg 60.txt stay away from this seller " salter " . i ordered this product 20 days ago and finally got an email saying that there 's an unexpected delay ! i cancelled right away , after waiting for almost a month
health neg 358.txt i could not get the right code numbers to work with my new tv / dvd set.....too bad , i liked the large numbers and light .
software pos 917.txt my five and six year old love this game ! it sparks their interest in things around them and now we play our own " i spy " riddles in the car , at dinner or out on walks . i highly recommend it
health neg 955.txt i have never used such an impactless ( if that is a word ) product . there is absolutely no effect whatsoever , not even remotely . it is simply a waste of money and bottle . i am terribly disappointed - you are better off blowing air and water over your ingrown hair areas for better effect.... .
health neg 40.txt i bought this for a far-sighted relative , but it did n't magnify enough , and was distractinly blurry , so the gift was n't well received . i give this two thumbs down
software pos 798.txt i use this program daily and it is awesome ! it has lots of great new features especially the new home page that has the customer , vendor and employee centers where you can now see all of the information in one place . the features and functionality of the program are everything any small to mid size business needs to run their company from a financial point of view . great improvements over previous versions
software pos 714.txt the layout of office 2003 is better than office 2003 , which has improved my efficiency . for those who spend all day working with the outlook package , it 's worth the money to upgrade
music neg 653.txt if you are buying this because you love rob , be aware this is the rob wearing his goblin cock hat . if you are n't familiar with this incarnation...let 's just say it ai n't the rob of pinback or heavy vegetable fame . same guy , different sensitivity . i fell in love with rob because he seemed to make sense out of all the nonsense out there . on this outing , rob has met the enemy and it is himself . he 's entitled to do as he pleases and you and i are entitled to not care for it . this cd is not an acquired taste , it is a forced-feeding
dvd neg 871.txt what 's wrong with this show ? 1. jim wears the same pants , coat , and shirt for almost every episode throughout the entire run of the series . 2. a slow , sluggish middle-aged man is supposed to outdo younger hoodlums . 3. wo n't that woman lawyer ever get a real boyfriend that will do right by her ? 4. do you really believe that this middle-aged , heavy fellow would drive a firebird - a tight fitting car ? 5. angel ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
books pos 225.txt this book if very well done , it has diagrams that not only are clear but also easy to follow , the photos are outstading , the selecction of models are just rigth . i will recomend it for everyone that is interesting in origami and as a good gift for a family
health neg 664.txt i do n't know , but. . i could n't get myself to swallow it . it made me , literally , vomit . i wish i just ordered power bar 's vanilla-yoghurt flavored one , which tastes fantastic and i love so very much . anyway , probably it 's just me but , it really really makes me sick. . i thought i would taste something new but oh well. .
books neg 585.txt this book is yet another attempt at degrading the white race . there is nothing wrong with being white , just like there is nothing wrong with being black . if you want to hear someones idea on whats wrong with being white instead of looking at the facts then you should read this book
dvd neg 46.txt i was recommended this movie by a friend here at college , and because he spoke so highly of it , i thought i would just buy it instead of rent it . i definitely regret that decision . if you 're thinking of buying it - rent it first . it was dull and obnoxious , not to mention weird . the only entertaining part of watching this film was making fun of it with my roommate ( which is why i gave it 1 star instead of 0 ) . however , if you 're still interested , definitely rent it , you might enjoy it .
books neg 412.txt i 'm the sort of guy who has a bit of trouble adapting to normal life . i 'm still bemused and puzzled the mechanics of toilet-flushing . my wife ( may she rest in peace ) bought me this book as an anniversary present last month before she was tragically torn apart by a rabid pack of alligators at a wyoming nature preserve . anyway , life moves on . much to my disappointment this book did not teach me everything i should know how to do . " but fred , " you might be saying ( and i 'll be saying " fred is n't my name , idiot ! " ) , " how do you know what you should know if you do n't know what it is to begin with ? " ah , well , let me explain . see , if tchikavoslky taught me one thought , it was this : i know nothing . so it is with this deep insight into my own mind that i came up with the following things i should know , based on what i currently do not know : 1. how to start a hurricane . this is very important . 2. how to kill a man with a toothpick . what if you met a hitman at a fancy restaurant and found out your were his next victim ? scary . 3. how to run a nuclear powerplant with a one-man army . i do n't want to be the next homer simpson ! 4. how to raise children . i 've raised ten and still have n't figured out what a diaper is . 5. what a diaper is . i do n't know , my wife used to talk about them a lot . 6. how to drive . sure , technically we 're supposed to learn how before we get our driver 's licenses , but like many people , i just got a fake one when i was 12 and have been driving since then . i 've been in over three hundred vehicular accidents and been charged with five counts of manslaughter , so i figured it might be good to learn how to drive . 7. how to stalk a celebrity . you just never know . 8. how to put on underwear without leaving stain marks . you fellas know what i 'm saying ! 9. how to make coffee . people ask me to all the time , and because i do n't know how , i just take some warm water and pour mud in . thankfully no one 's noticed my inadequacies yet , but i 'm sure soon enough they will , after another person dies of food poisoning and internal infection . 10. how to kill yourself . i do n't want the aliens to get anything out of me when i 'm taken hostage . i saw it in that tom cruise movie , and it was sure scary ! so with these things in mind , i 'm severely disappointed by this book , and feel it is mis-marketed and stupid . please , barbet schroeder ( or whoever the author was ) , write a better book next time
health pos 837.txt my husband was totally delighted with the rollator walker . it is so much easier to use than the typical walker that we had to wonder why anyone would n't want this new , much more attractive kind . it folds up very easily when not in use and the basket comes in very handy for carrying things . when folded up it fits in the back seat of our car , and it would probably fit in the trunk if your truck is fairly large . we put it together in about 5 minutes and the price was great , what more can you ask
health pos 571.txt this was almost too strong for me at first . i put it on the lower level of the house and it took away that " basement " smell for months . i was impressed with the " throw " this thing had . i would definitely repurchase .
books neg 758.txt this book is similar to going to a poor movie sequel . there is nothing new and it bores you with percentages . the title and cover are the best aspects of the book - once you open it and begin reading , it quickly goes downhill . save your money - i wish i had
books neg 77.txt what a disjointed mess , talk about cashing in on fame . all he did here was take a bunch of columns he wrote in the paper and called it a book . i could have done better with the letter to the editor section of the paper . i was not that enamored with liar 's poker and this book has done it for me with this author . it was just that the articles were not that relevant any more and his writing is not that good
software neg 248.txt i was expecting a lot more from these two cd's . it teaches you a few items of food , basic words like " hello " , please " and " airplane " and even teaches you to ask " where are the suitcases " ... but then that is about it . i was really hoping for more.. . much more
health pos 619.txt i get this stuff for my husband . he 's got really thick hair and it has the tendency to get oily but this stuff makes his hair perfectly soft and shiny . it 's worth the money
camera neg 457.txt it 's unfortunate that with a name like canon , you expect a quality camera . that 's why you shell out the money for an item that you think canon will stand behind . unfortunately , this is not the case . i bought this camera to use in graduate school ( industrial design ) . i needed it to do research for my thesis . i figured between that , all the product photographs , and the need good portfolio pieces , spending the 500.00 on an 8mp camera would be well worth the investment . i was wrong . about a month after i bought the camera , it started to malfunction . the lens got stuck and would not come out . neither would it go all the way back in , so the lens cover would not close ( not only putting the lens in danger , but draining the battery as well . ) it was still under warranty , so i sent it to the canon service center in elk grove village , illinois . it was received , and i was informed that my camera would be returned in 7-10 business days . that was almost a month and a half ago . i have put my thesis research on hold because i do not have the proper camera for it . every time i call the service center , i am told that the " parts are on back order " . evidently they do n't know when these shipments are due in their center , so they do n't know when i will have my camera back . the best part is , when i called two weeks ago , they offered me a " brand new " s215. the told me it was a great deal and that i should accept the offer because " they never do that " ( meaning they never offer a new camera for one in repair . ) i pointed out that the s215 was only 5mp , had a smaller screen , and cost nearly 300.00 less than my camera . i also reminded her that my camera was brand new when it broke and i had to send it in . today i was told that there was no information on my camera , the backordered parts , or when they could send my camera back . the woman on the phone asked me why i did n't accept the s215 that was offered , and when i explained and asked for a camera the same model as mine , she said they were not authorized to do that . i told her that i was going to spend the time originally set aside for my thesis research to write letters to both the service center and canon corporate headquarters , and she suddenly had a technician she could consult , and my camera would be back to me by the end of the week . i wo n't hold my breath , but a copy of this review will be sent to canon .
books neg 80.txt " the end of democracy " ( 2003 ) is the best answer to this theory
camera pos 176.txt this filter is a must have for photographers that care about their gear . it remains a cost effective tool for protecting the camera lens while serving as a great every day filter .
health neg 118.txt this product has not been certified that the harmful mercury has been distilled out . by chance i read an article today in the jan. 16 issue of time by andrew weil , m.d. he advises strongly that fish oil be mercury free . weil also lists the mercury free fish species to buy . he recommends anarctic krill oil . amazon has it but it is expensive . i guess i 'll throw out the almost full bottle of nature made . read up on it . mercury is bad stuff
books pos 383.txt i 've been a fan of carol dweck 's scholarly work for years . her work on self-esteem , self-concept , and the incremental vs. entity theories of intelligence provides some of the most powerfully useful tools i 've encountered for educators and parents in their work with children , as well as in their own self-awareness and lives . i 'm delighted to see this information written here in such a user-friendly conversational tone , rich with stories that illustrate the nuances and complexities of dweck 's research and ideas . i 'm recommending this book to all of my graduate students ( teachers and principals working with gifted learners ) , as well as to parents of high-ability children . dona matthews , ph.d . , director of the hunter college center for gifted studies and education , city university of new york
health neg 827.txt the sharper image offers a better product which i have been using for about a year but i wanted to try the conair for a little more " heat . " i shaved with the hgm 1 and felt pretty good about it . i returned about an hour later and it had emptied an entire can of edge gel ( unplugged ) over the bathroom counter top . go with the sharper image product with this little hint : ignore the instructions regarding the one minute warm-up and let it warm up for about 4-5 minutes and you will get a decently hot lather
software pos 850.txt this is a major upgrade from previous versions . . . much easier to use and a much cleaner format
health neg 798.txt would have been better if i actually got this. . i ordered this and got 6 dr. bronner 's lavender soap with a hemp tree soap bar code on the back . i 'm too lazy to send back and i already opened one and the lavender is nice . but i would rather have the hemp tree.. . afraid to order again
music pos 594.txt this cd was beautifully sung by the cambridge singers , a boys / mens choir , mostly a ' capela . it 's the first christmas cd i 've bought that really tempts me to crank up the volume so i can revel in every note
software neg 126.txt i really dislike this software . i 'm the type that likes to customize everything and this program just is not made that way . first , when you initially select files and folders , your disk choices are " c : " or " all " . i have several disks and i want to pick and choose , but this program makes that really difficult . then you have to pick a destination where the files will be backed up . choose carefully , because you wo n't be allowed to change it later ! and if you want to do incremental backups , be sure to schedule it before you do the initial save , because you ca n't do it later . basically the entire job , future backups and all , must be defined completly at the beginning and can never be changed without completely starting over .
camera pos 412.txt very easy to use . menuing is extremely intuitive . do n't forget to order spare disks , 30 mins goes by quick
books pos 131.txt i used this book as a student and still use it for teaching . pieces are nice and students are challenged to think musically . it moves quicker than some other method books ; it covers materials from elementary to early intermediate . upon completion of the first grade book students can play standard repertoire in the early intermediate level . students must have completed early elementary level before using this book because this book starts with playing two hands in c position . emphasize phrasing from the first piece . highly recommended
software neg 14.txt i use pdfs a lot and i must say that quite often i turn to free pdf software to actually do the tasks that acrobat fails to do . one area i have always had a problem with is the formatting of some documents in size and sometimes acrobat simply fails to recognize them and so i switch to the free pdf software which has no problems doing this and is easier to use . however if you are a pro pdf maker who wants to add sigs and links and notes and chapters and all the other function tags including security tags then i recommend this product hands down as the best one . i just find that it is not always the best pdf software package in the world , but a good one all the same . i would not recommend buying this one just to make standard pdf files alone . if you want to touch up those file then this is what you need to do that right .
books neg 187.txt i did n't like the only other dean koontz book i 've ever read , watchers , but i enjoy reading kevin anderson 's stuff so i thought i 'd give koontz another try because i 'm a reasonable person and i understand that not everyone can like everything by an author . on to the review : i realize that this book was initially meant to be a screenplay but i think the authors would have been wise to rewrite it instead of just tweaking it a little when the movie deal fell through . the dialog is mind-numbing and predictable . every time there was a car scene i could guess what kind of conversation would be held . " you drive too fast ! " " are you my mother ? " over and over and over . the idea was good . a modern-day frankenstein . . . or rather a frankenstein that had never died and had made it to present day ( yes , i know , frankenstein was the doctor , not his monster . but you get what i 'm saying . ) . but the dialog read exactly like a movie script would , or like a play . this book had so much potential but the authors ' laziness in not rewriting the entire thing after the movie was n't made cost it dearly
dvd neg 238.txt the first x-men movie was fantastic . the second movie sent chills down my spine and was even better . this third movie was absolute trash and i will never buy it
books pos 507.txt this book helped us understand what is happening with our 13 year old daughter and how to help her . it 's been a long process but having this book has given us encouragement , patience and positive steps so that she can move ahead in her life
camera pos 817.txt because of it 's non-intrusive red lighting , and especially because of its size and brightness control , this is the perfect little light to bring out in to the field for observing . one caution ; make sure you have the lanyard securely around your wrist , especially if you 're shining the light down a tube to collimate . one slip , and it 'll be headed toward your primary
dvd neg 634.txt dirty deeds is one of those movies that you sit through saying to yourself , " this is idiotic " , but instead of abandoning it midway through you find yourself still sitting through it until the credits begin to roll . it 's silly . it 's a teenager movie . it 's been done a million times before in hollywood ( most of the time poorly ) . dirty deeds is one of the sub-par high-schoolers-making-mischief-attempts where if you 're perusing cable late one night- -and ca n't find anything else on your 500 channels- -is maybe worth a stop if you 're determined to watch tv instead of just going to bed . but who knows...you might be seeing the beginning of some great careers ! just look what 1980 's teeneager movie hollywood knights launched for the likes of michelle pfeiffer , tony danza , robert wuhl and fran drescher . everybody 's got to start somewhere , right ?
camera pos 278.txt i have another camera w / 12x optical & tons of features but i wanted something compact & ready to take quick snaps . this fits the bill . on my recent vacation i was impressed with how quickly it booted up and focused in to get those unplanned shots . the x-large screen makes it really easy to see if you got a good one and the image stabilisation seems to work better than on my previous camera ( canon a80 ) ...either that or my hand is steadier . last but not least - the battery life was impeccable . i took a nearly 200 photos , plus spent a lot of time reviewing and showing off pics to friends with no need to recharge . the battery is a ' custom ' one which concerned me but the charger is very compact and travels well . it has integrated prongs that fold flat when not in use - no cables : )
music pos 46.txt these guys are the best group out right now . every single rapper is amazing even bizarre who is not great so far as flow but probably has the funniest lyrics . this album brought me some of my favorite songs to date including sh*t can happen , pistol pistol , ai n't nuttin ' but music , american psycho , fight music & revelation . my favorite rappers are swifty & eminem but the fact is every one should have a solo album out by now ( besides em , only proof ( r.i.p. ) & bizarre do.. . which are my least favorite rappers in the group ) every song is great even the skits are enjoyable . if you do n't have this yet , you are missing out on one of the best cds ever
dvd pos 106.txt before i rate the box set and the four movies i would like to give you a brief history of my life with these films . when i was really young i use to always ask my dad to rent tremors and we would all set and whatch it . but when i got a bit older and i could understand things better i became afraid and was scared of grabiods coming up from underneath are house and eating me . anyways after about two years i got the guts to whatch tremors 2 : after shocks . and afterwards i was agian afraid of grabiods and now shriekers attacking me . finally after about ten years of not watching them , me and my buddy travis got to talking about tremors and he asked me what grabiods where . so i dicided to draw him pictures of them and after a few days i ended up creating a tremors comic . so after becoming so involved with tremors again i decided to watch the first film again . and after it ended , i bought it off amazon and a week later i bought the third movie and then another week after that i bought the second . i had literly gone a 180 from fearing tremors so long ago to become a huge fan . and when the fourth finally came out i had my family , my friend travis and his brother hooked . now after being a huge fan and watching the four films over and over i can finally rate them . the original tremors is by far the best ; with it 's all star cast and great story line . the second best would have to be tremors 4 : the legend begins because it stays more true to the first and it shows how it all began . tremors 2 : after shocks would be third best since it stared earl and gummer and tremors 3 : back to prefection would have to be the worst since it 's story is weak , its short and it takes the evolution thing a bit far . overall this is a great pack of all four tremors movies and if i had n't boughten all of them aready i would buy this attack pack . ps. tremors 5 script has been finished and if tremors 4 sales enough they will make a fifth . and one more thing it would be awsome if universal would release tremors : the series on dvd .
dvd neg 966.txt an even though it 's fiction , the incidents seem to fall out of the movies context to become contrived . boring nonsence on a teen hormone kick
software pos 911.txt i bought this based on the amazon reviews . i am extremely new at this but the software is pretty good . the teacher is somewhat annoying and as another reviewer said , he sings over his playing way too much . i wish there was a way to turn him way down and the guitar up . it touts having over 160 lessons , but that is somewhat misleading . i do n't doubt it has over 160 pages , but i covered 23 " lessons " in about an hour . i do like the fact that the first few lessons he teaches you very easy versions of the chords so you do n't feel hung up on doing the full chords when your fingers do n't want to move to strange new positions they are n't used to . i am using this as well as fender 's dvd for acoustic with keith wyatt . the dvd is a little more challenging for me , but keith wyatt is much better than the guy from the emedia software ( and he does n't feel the need to sing ! ! ! ) . overall , i would recommend this software
camera pos 733.txt i bought this camera for my teenage son . the only problem we have found so far is that the battery life is too short . other than that , it is a good camera . the slim design is nice , and the camera is loaded with features
camera neg 561.txt the worst thing for this is , you have to bring a bench of disc with you and replace disc every 20 min if you are capturing hd video . i think most of buyers would take hd video if you buy a hd camcorder . but a small disc can only hold 20 min hd video , have to change disc time by time . the cmos sensor is worse than ccd but it is the best sensor among cmos in this price today . a lot of noise will come in low light condition ! i bought it for $800 and return it . i think you 'd better buy sr1 with a 30g hard drive . that would be a much better one !
camera neg 364.txt this tripod seemed to be very nice.. . until we tried to extend the legs all of the way . two and a half of the legs worked well , the third had a section that would not stay extended . the locking devices are pretty poor . they are made of a cheap plastic and i believe that even the ones that do work well now , will not last very long with even moderate use . next time i will try to find a tripod with a set screw type of leg extension lock
books neg 205.txt if you are looking for a " feel good " book about baby boomer retirement , this book may have some value for you . but if you are looking for specific in-depth how-to , this book is n't the answer . each segment-work , dreams , travel-is short and does n't address many relevant issues . for example , regarding the work chapter , the author postulates that there will be a work shortage and companies will hire baby boomers to fill the gap . well , that is speculative with globalism . those jobs may be outsourced . most are low paying . many of my highly qualified friends are unable to find jobs despite retraining . yes , there may be wal-mart jobs but is this your retirement dream ? the work chapter sounds a lot like most " do what you love " books . but doing what you love is often best as a hobby not to furnish needed income . these and other issues facing boomers who want meaningful work into their 70s are not addressed . i could pick apart other chapters in the same manner
music neg 786.txt for those who were fortunate enough to aquire one of the first two releases of the thief soundtrack ( like myself ) congratulations - you have the version of the cd that contains the best song on the soundtrack , beach scene . it has been dropped for this us release . for those who were interested in obtaining the thief soundtrack being mainly interested in the one song , beach scene ( most of the other songs can be found on other tangerine dream albums ) , please realise the following differences between beach theme and the now dropped , beach scene . the song , beach theme is a much shorter track ( almost by half ) and there is a very cheesy , acoustic , " rock n ' roll " , drum beat that was mixed / dubbed over the original beach scene song which has the much more mellow and less invasive electronic , sequenced drum beat in it . it 's beach scene that was both heard in the movie and over the airwaves back in 1981. if that is the song you remember ( fell in love with ) and are looking for , do not buy this latest release . keep looking for those out of print cds - they are out there . on a lighter " note " , it 's very nice to see they added the ending / end-credits song , confrontation . this is a lose / win scenario for thief soundtrack fans - it all depends on which song is more important to you . if you already have the earlier releases with beach scene on it then buying this latest version will now complete a defninitve soundtrack for them as that last song in the movie has now finally been added to the official soundtrack
health neg 415.txt i 've had this for about a month , and i 've used it less than 6 times . even though i 've carefully handwashed it , and merely wiped off the ice ring , the ice ring has sprung a leak ( ewww , blue liquid on my celery ! ! ) . the lid is difficult to snap on / remove . the center container / lid is really too tall for its diameter , which makes using it for dipping rather awkward
music neg 808.txt if the name pink floyd was n't on this cd , who would really rate it higher that one or two stars ? i am a pink floyd fan , but i have to say that i do n't like any of their early works . to me , the band begins to make great stuff with " meddle " and their first cd were boring , even with the pink floyd name on it . the only good track is " childhood 's end " , the other tracks are poor
health pos 885.txt i 've been using remington 's shaver saver for 20 years . it keeps your shaver clean , lubricates well with not too much gooey oil , and works in an instant . i use a remington ms2-100 microscreen 2 , and after a shaver saver treatment the shaver glides smoother over my face and shaves quicker and closer . a treatment seems to last for a while and i do n't think it 's necessary to use it every day . usually 2 to 3 times a week seems to be sufficient and your shaver will continue to perfrom like new
health neg 656.txt my wife was very pleased with the vanity perfume tray . with all of the snow we have had , it arrived shortly after christmas , but just in time to warm her heart for the new year
books neg 654.txt one at the front : the really own words of the master are excellent . one must make sure that only 43 sides of the only 7 x 5 inch small book are interviews with bruce lee . the rest consists of interviews with the former interviewers . however , as a paperback this book costs not really a fortune . but the words of the master are absolutely worth-while , as already mentioned at the beginning
dvd pos 967.txt this is the definitive lesbian love story that launched the genre in a new direction . out of the dirty bars and masculine flannel shirts , away from the creepy angst of punks . this wonderful love story brings lesbian love into the light of day with beautiful women , looking and acting sexy , and leading productive , respectable lives . why not portray lesbians as beautiful , educated , clean , classy , talented , sober , drug-free , non-violent , non - " self-destructive " , straight forward , honest...oh , and truly sexy ? ? the reno landscape in the 50 's is a great backdrop for the conflicts that lesbians encountered . the filming is top notch , the sets and period clothing are spot on . the musical scores are superb ! the cast was wonderful ! charbonneau and shavers are sensational as total opposites who eventually become drawn and attrated to each other . just a masterful duette of performances ! cay , free and fully out , forward and knowing just what she wants ; vivian , tentative and reluctant to step outside of her cultured and closed box . every minute they spend with each other oozes electricity and sexual tension . two georgeous women making love ? ? hello ! the love scene is landmark . audra lindley is wonderful and perfectly cast as cay 's stepmom . cay 's best friend , silver , is absolutely a key role in the dynamics of these chracters ; she is the definative support and validation that these women are wonderful people , and deserve love and happiness . we all need a little " silver " in our lives ! ! this story is completely intriguing , and hey , what a wonderful ending ! sequel , sequel ! ! ! this is an absolute must have in any collection . timeless tale of the beauty of lesbian love .
dvd neg 624.txt i 'm watching the film right now , and it is perhaps the most moronic and stupidly annoying film i 've ever seen . there 's nothing amusing going on . it 's all fluff and show . it is such garbage . i find it offensively stupid
dvd pos 700.txt vci entertainment presents the original adventure restored to all it 's theatrical glory " long john silver " ( 1954 ) ( dolby digitally remastered ) ( photographed in eastman color ) , the original " pirates of the caribbean " that started it all...the most colorful pirate of all time , roaring across a boundless sea of spectacle in full widescreen cinemascope...under director byron haskin , producer joe kaufmann , based on the characters of robert louis stevenson , screenplay by martin rackin , music composed by david buttolph...the cast include robert newton ( long john silver ) , kit taylor ( jim hawkins ) , connie gilchrist ( purity pinker ) , lloyd berrell ( capt . mendoza , ' el toro ' ) , grant taylor ( patch ) , rod taylor ( israel hands ( as rodney taylor ) , harvey adams ( sir henry strong ) , muriel steinbeck ( lady strong ) , henry gilbert ( billy bowlegs ) , john brunskill ( old stringley ) , eric reiman ( lanky pirate ) , harry hambleton ( big eric ) , syd chambers ( ned shill ) , george simpson-lyttle ( capt . asa macdougall ( as george simpson-little ) , tony arpino ( mendoza pirate ) . . . . .our story has to do with the continuation of " treasure island " based on the chronicles of robert louis stevenson...who is this rival known as the pirate mendoza to long john silver...what plan does silver have to rescue the governor 's daughter...how can jim hawkins best serve silver once again in obtaining a swift fast ship to return to the treasure that has been in the back of silver 's mind these past years.....there is a great deal of entertainment for the serious " film-buff " ...all courtesy of vci entertainment , who in my humble opinion is the best there is in restoring early serials and features like this one . special features : bios : 1. robert newton birth date : 6 / 01 / 1905 - shaftsbury , dorset , england , uk died : 3 / 25 / 1956 - beverly hills , los angeles , california 2. kit taylor birth date : 1942 - sydney , new south wales , australia died : still living 3. byron haskin ( director ) birth date : 4 / 22 / 1899 - portland , oregon died : 4 / 16 / 1984 - montecito , california if you crave action , drama and plenty of adventure then this is the place for all of the above...if you enjoyed this feature check out another as vci entertainment presents " tennessee partner " ( 1955 ) ( dolby digitally remastered ) , featuring john payne , ronald reagan and rhonda fleming is based on a bret harte writings as our story takes place in a gold mining town in california where gambler john payne finds it easier to take money at the poker table than digging for gold...a stranger riding into town played by ronald reagan saves payne...reagan known as cowpoke becomes tennessee 's partner....but the place is full of rough characters....the story lines are excellent with outstanding action scenes and production with over an hours worth of entertainment great job by vci entertainment for releasing the " long john silver " ( 1954 ) , digital transfere with a clean , clear and crisp print...looking forward to more of the same from the ' '50s vintage...order your copy now from amazon or vci entertainment , stay tuned once again with a top notch film releases from vci...so climb aboard and get ready for some high adventure that only vci entertainment ( king of the serials ) can deliver...just the way we like ' em ! total time : 106 mins on dvd ~ vci entertainment 8452 ~ ( 6 / 27 / 2006 )
health neg 171.txt this item does not work . it does absolutely nothing . i bought one and then was sent a second one . neither one works . it was a gift and i felt so bad that i gave someone a gift that did n't work
books pos 620.txt this is my kindergarten son 's favorite junie b . book , although he loves them all . he laughs out loud at junie b 's antics and loves pointing out her grammar mistakes . i love junie b . books because it helps initiate conversations with my son about his kindergarten . i 'll ask questions like , ' has anyone in your class ever done anything like that' . this particular book led to interesting discussions about how grown-ups make mistakes too and whether someone goes to jail for a minor crime ( that 's all i will say without giving it away ) . enjoy junie b . - she 's charming
books pos 942.txt having attended the fictitious " grove school " bingham describes in this book , i am confident in saying that it is all true . we are all indeed messed up and destined for the ivy league . in any event , the fictitious " fairfield academy " does also exist . i frequent the grove house of pizza and i highly recommend the chicken cutlet sub . bingham has written a fine text and i only wish he were alive to read these reviews now . hip hip hooray
dvd pos 425.txt you can tell your life is really pathetic when ghosts have to show you how to live . but that is what happens to cosmo topper , in the charming " topper " and its equally charming sequel " topper returns . " it 's basically your typical screwball comedy ( complete with cary grant ) , but with an injection of supernatural pranking and murder mystery . in other words , it 's loads of fun . george and marion kirby ( cary grant , constance bennett ) love fun , partying until clubs kick them out , and generally not taking life seriously . so it 's a shock to them when they die in a car accident , and linger on as ghosts . apparently they have not done any good deeds to go to the great beyond . so when george 's boss , cosmo topper ( roland young ) , crashes his new car in the same spot , the kirbys take him under their wing . poor cosmo is stodgy and timid , with a domineering wife who schedules his day down to the minute . so it 's up to the kirbys to show the poor man how to live life and have fun , but their good deed rapidly gets away from them.. . and most sequels stink , but goofy murder mystery " topper returns " is just as funny as the first movie . instead of a ghostly screwball , this time it 's a spoof of " haunted house " stories , with a nod to hitchcock 's " rebecca . " ann carrington ( carole landis ) is returning to her ancestral home and inheritance , with cheeky pal gail ( joan blondell ) in tow . but after the girls switch bedrooms , someone murders gail . confused , she drifts over to the house of cosmo topper ( roland young ) , whose car she hijacked earlier in the day . gail blackmails topper into helping her discover who murdered her , and who is trying to kill ann. now the unfortunate topper must somehow solve the mystery , despite a small army of creepy servants , a house full of secret passages and vicious seals , and his upset wife searching high and low for him.. . based on thorne smith 's novels , " topper " and " topper returns " even had a spinoff tv series , which was nowhere near as good as the movies . and those movies are charming and still fresh , especially if you like to see a twist on the usual ghost stories . but it 's the little touches that make this movie hilarious ; for example , there 's george laughing on a chandelier , and gail chugging champagne when she discovers her own dead body . not to mention that vicious seal . the comedy becomes more obvious and spoofy in the second film , but no less entertaining . but at the same time , these movies are graced by tender moments between george and marion , and a truly exquisite scene where gail 's ghost wanders out the window into the sky . and i 'm still not sure how that invisible-person-under-the-covers shot was done , especially with the primitive special effects of the 1940s . roland young is the star of the piece - - his topper is timid , halting , and has his day scheduled down to the minute . not a single spark of sponteneity . grant comes across like a trickster god , and has wonderful chemistry with bennett . and blondell is simply charming as a resourcefully cheeky ghost girl . " topper " and " topper returns " are decades old , but are perfect examples of hollywood classics . charming , chipper and hilarious
camera pos 97.txt when digital cameras first came out , i , like many people swore i 'd always be loyal to film . digital could never take the place of film . i 'm not convinced that it has replaced film completely . there 's still something i love about putting a roll of film in the camera , shooting away , sending the film to be processed , and seeing the results . i also know it 's a bit expensive . i know that the argument about quality has always been paramount in the discussion , but digital cameras are improving in this regard , and most manufacturers are assuring users that while the technology will always be improving , we are at a point where a good investment can be made in a digital slr and it will not be outdated as soon as the buyer purchases the camera . so i figured now is the time to get a digital slr . i have been a loyal nikon user for nearly ten years , and have owned the nikon n60 , n70 , and n80. my first love was , and still is the n70 ( i 've been told by the person who sold me the camera he thought i was the only person who loved the n70 ) . i purchased the n80 only after my n70 cost too much to repair , but i 've enjoyed the way my various nikon cameras have handled all sorts of situations and the fact that they can be as simple to use as a point and shoot if i do n't have the time to use specific controls , but it also has options for more creative and artistic purposes . my nikon cameras have allowed me to capture family moments with ease and majestic landscapes , wildlife shots and all sorts of other things i ca n't resist to capture forever . i decided to purchase the d70 since it was close to what i 've already experienced with nikon . in many ways it works in a similar way to the n70 and 80 , except it 's a digital rather than film version . like the film versions of the midrange nikon slr 's , it has a dial that allows an automatic setting , portrait , landscape , sports , close-up , nightscape , and night portrait modes , the ability to select aperture , shutter speed or manual controls . the camera has auto and manual focus abilities . photos can be as easy or technical as the photographer desires . the controls are easy to use , though it takes practice to be comfortable . on a personal level , the camera has passed the halloween test , niece 's birthday test , and fall foliage in new england test and favorite scenic spots test . the only real difficulty i 've had with the camera is trying to capture stained glass windows in a dark setting . auto focus has not worked at all and i 'm not thrilled with the manual focus of these shots , but at this point i 'm sure it 's the photographer and not the camera . i do have one suggestion for anyone who purchases this camera . the manual is very confusing . it uses all sorts of symbols and can be more of a distraction than anything else . i 've had luck with the " magic lantern guides " with my other cameras , but have not as of yet used it for this camera . i did purchase the nikon d70 field guide ( david busch , wiley publishing ) which has been helpful . it can be a quick reference for anyone already familiar with nikon and photography in general but it also provides and introduction for the novice to photography .
dvd pos 31.txt the station agent is a touching , yet off the beaten path kind of flick that i found simply endearing to watch . fin ( peter dinklage ) has just inherited a train depot somewhere out in new jersey . having a passion for trains , he embraces this as his home . however , he only wishes to be left alone and finds that 's not as easy to do as he would have thought . first , he discovers joe ( bobby cannavale ) who has set up a food truck outside his home . joe is a conversationalist , desperate to talk to anyone and everyone . next fin meets olivia ( patricia clarkson ) , who almost runs him off the road , twice . these three appear to have nothing in common , and despite all odds , they form a friendship that is heartwarming to see . all three actors gave amazing performances . dinklage , as always , commands every scene he is in . i 've missed seeing him since the bastards at cbs quashed threshold , so it was nice to see something with him in it again . cannavale amused me with his character , joe , who really needed to " get a life . " the idea of quite time is not something he can easily grasp to say the least . and clarkson radiated as olivia , a character trying to put her life back together again after having lost her son and having her husband leave her . what i liked most about this flick is the honest portrayal it gave us of life through fin 's eyes . there were the chronic stares he got just for being smaller than average . plus , there was a scene in the grocery store where the cashier did n't even see that he was standing there , so she did n't ring him up until he could get her attention . it just made me think about what it must really be like to not fit in the standard mold physically . all in all , excellent film
music neg 655.txt all of the songs are boring . i hate them . they are slow and boring and they make you want to fall asleep
dvd neg 762.txt yup , definately the worst halloween movie . come on , michael on a reality show ? ha ! what the f**k does that have to do with the series ? not only that , but the plot is completely pointless , the acting sucks , and dr. loomis and jamie are nowhere to be found in the movie ! not only that , but the movie relies way too much on gore to be scary , and therefore comes off as pretentious . do n't get me wrong , i love gore in movies , horror or not , but any knowledgable halloween fan knows that the halloween movies were always scary without the gore . along with halloween 3 ( which actually had nothing to do with michael ) , halloween : resurrection reigns as the worst movie of the series . there are a many more problems with the movie than the ones i listed , but i 'm tired of typing , so i 'll let other reviewers explain why it 's so bad . bottom line , watch any halloween movie other than this or halloween 3
dvd pos 368.txt the is a tragic but very true to life depiction of the degradation caused by addiction to individuals , families , and society . the film is graphic in its depiction of addiction , but as an addiction counselor , who is an addict and alcoholic in recovery , it is very close to actual tragic events i have seen in the world of addiction . the emotionally disturbing events that take place in the lives of the main characters are exactly the very real things that addiction counselors are seeking to prevent . these events are the end of untreated or unchecked addiction for far too many . unfortunately , even though some of the content may be offensive to some , it is a starkly true depiction of what the reality for some addicts becomes . even though the film may leave one emotionally upset for a time , it is a worthwhile film to break through false pretenses about addiction 's final results and the glossing over of the degradation addiction can and does lead to in real life . watch and learn the truth about severe addiction
books neg 984.txt i typically do not read stories like this , but a neighbor had lent it to me and i figured i 'd check it out . the plot is n't bad , but the dialogue is another story . the writing was so unbelievably awful that i had to fight myself to finish it . phrases like " god damn , oh god , etc.. . " were repeated over and over again . i got really sick hearing about tess 's cute freckles and jimmy 's movie star looks / sex drive . the majority of the story line between tess and jimmy has them arguing over a one night stand . it was 300 + pages of pretty bad writing . i 'd strongly recommend taking a pass on this book . not worth your time unless you are looking to take a mini-break from harlequin romances.. .
software pos 164.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered blindly for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the confounding quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional design stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone .
health neg 690.txt this product is not good at all i had to return mine after only 2 weeks . i found out that it is really inaccurate and it does n't work when you want it to . as for as the body fat percentage i could n't even get it to work . do not buy this product
music pos 18.txt this has to be one of the most beautiful cds ever recorded . damien 's vocal range is vast ; his musicianship excellent ; but it 's the crafting of songs at which he truly surpasses most artists . haunting , sensitive , flowing , crashing.. . ( if i have one criticism , it 's the mixing levels - at times , his vocals are drowned . in concert , when he lets rip , you really feel the power of his vocals / music , which , unfortunately , does n't come over quite as well on the album . ) a truly magical album .
music neg 473.txt unfortunately i was extremely unhappy after listening to the album . unlike many other altan fans , i view maireads singing as the weakest part of the groups appeal despite their having chosen some excellent songs over the course of their recording career . the problem is that on this album they emphasize her singing to the almost total exclusion of their instrumentals which was what attracted me to the group in the first place . and the few instrumentals they do play are played with no spirit almost like & quot ; well i guess we have to put a few instrumentals on&quot ; kind of effort . i 'm sorry , but she has a thin voice and is frequently shrill and off-key on many of their songs . she is however an excellent fiddler and that with the superb abilities of the other members and inspired arrangements made them for me the top irish folk group . alas they have decided to stress her poor-to-mediocre vocals instead of their great abilities in playing reels , jigs , etc. i miss frankie kennedy 's flute too . goodbye altan , your best day 's are over unless you revert to the format of the old days
camera neg 822.txt i bought a 743 for the wife for christmas . i had a 6330 that i was very happy with . so a 743 should be better right ? every time that she went to use it the batteries were dead . we finally figured out that a new set would go dead in two days without ever turning it on ! after several e mails they told me to call service . i got someone in india that could not understand me and i had a really hard time figuring out what he was saying . they made it very dificult to get it sent in . i sent it in today , but i do not expect much from the example that their service has done so far . i hope it comes back at least .
books pos 542.txt this book was amazing ! i 'm giving it to my dad for helping me through college ! great gift for parents and children !
camera neg 718.txt i ordered this digital frame for my husband for christmas , with the assurance from a " tech weenie " that it would work , based on the advertisement found at amazon . still uncertain whether the ad ( also found in philips cursory literature ) is really true . my husband is working with the " phone people " at philips to determine whether it will or will not interface with mac . if it does eventually work , the process has not been easy
software neg 583.txt this is an item that i purchased from amazon.com that i am not satisfied with . i cannot install the game on my computer to play it . i had a relative try to install it on her computer and she also could not install it to play . she believes that it could be a damaged disk , and that i should pursue getting a refund or replacing it with another copy . i hope you can help me with this . thank you for your support . sharon moseley
health neg 175.txt i ordered these slippers as a gift . to my embarassment , the gift never arrived . i received an email stating that the slippers were backordered . weeks later i received another email stating it would be an indefinite time before the product would be available . i just cancelled the order . i am defiitely an un-happy customer .
dvd pos 4.txt at 23 years of age , i can truly say that i have been a lifetime fan of sesame street . watching the 3-dvd set of sesame street - old school , vol . 1 has been both nostalgic and enlightening . because i was born practically a decade after most of the material on this set originally aired , i expected most of the content to be new to me ( i was barely a year old when mr. hooper 's death was explained to the world ) , but that was not the case . many of the short films and interstitials were familiar ( and not just because i used to watch sesame unpaved on noggin ) to me as a viewer from the mid-1980s , and i think that just underscores the quality the show has exhibited from the beginning . sesame street truly revolutionized children 's programming , not just because it was educational , but because it was ( and remains ) entertaining , not pandering . i 'll admit , seeing gordon with an afro , orange oscar and the first few tries at big bird 's head still freak me out a bit ( as they did when i saw them on noggin several years back ) , but the show itself is just as good as i ever remembered , something that cannot be said for most nostalgia entertainment ( like transformers or he-man or jem ) . the set contains five full episodes from the first five seasons , and 54 ( the liner notes are incorrect , they should have asked count for help ) bonus clips . the set also includes the 25 minute pitch-film that was made before the series originally aired , explaining sesame street 's message and motive . although the episodes have a disclaimer that it is not necessarily intended for today 's pre-school children , i believe they would probably enjoy " classic " street even more than the current lineup of shows . the fact that today 's pre-schoolers may be more advanced than the sesame street of yore can really be attributed to sesame street itself , and that 's pretty cool . still , i personally appreciate that the aim of the set is at adults , because so many of us associate our childhood with sesame street . a booklet is included that gives a brief overview of the series from the first five years and i found it informative . according to muppet central , a few sketches were altered or removed for music copyright issues ( one with stevie wonder , one with rogers & hammerstein ) , but because i never saw the originals , i found nothing amiss . what astounded me more than anything was that at the end of the first five years , more than 600 episodes of the show had been produced . no wonder they ca n't release full seasons ! although the full-length episodes are great , my favorite part are the additional sketches from each respective season . seeing kermit sing " bein ' green " in its original form , the " bread , milk and butter " cartoon and the " in in the sky with diamonds " parody is a real treat . the picture quality is great - - especially considering the program 's age ( and the fact that it was one of the first programs to be recorded on video , although film was used for most of the interstitials ) - - i doubt the show ever looked as good as it looks right now . the sound quality is good too - - mono of course - - but clear and crisp . overall , i highly recommend this set for anyone who loves or loved sesame street . for those who were born after these episodes aired ( like me ) , looking back at the beginning is really special . it is clear that everyone involved had a true love for teaching and interacting with children and taking television to another level
software pos 184.txt i have been playing the nancy drew games for a few years now , and have found that with each one the graphics , intrigue & fun just keep getting better & better . in " danger by design " nancy agrees to go to paris to help a nervous investor of minette 's house of fashion . he 's nervous because minette had begun acting very strangely & had fallen way behind on her new spring collection - both of which could lead to a failed business venture . once there , nancy becomes aware of several threatening letters the designer had received , as well as a number of rumors concerning artwork that had been stolen during world war ii that may be hidden in the old wind mill that now serves as minette 's house of fashion . could they be related some how ? as nancy drew , you will find yourself snooping around for clues , working to earn the money needed to buy several needed items , solving various puzzles , and ultimately putting all the information together to solve the mysteries surrounding minette & the stolen artwork . overall , i loved " danger by design " . it has the best graphics to date for an nd game & it was great fun to play . i would highly recommend it to anyone who has enjoyed playing other such games , as well as those who enjoyed ( or are enjoying ) reading the nd series .
books pos 551.txt being a flight attendant myself and looking through the skymall magazine countless times on long flights i can tell you...this book is amazing . i have never laughed so hard from a book all my life . i really want to get another one and put it in the crew lounge . i 'm sure the flight crews will get a kick out of it :
dvd pos 977.txt i do n't usually like these type of movies , but this is a ca n't miss...you 'll laugh
software pos 818.txt simply superb programme and the standard by which other image manipulation software is judged allbeit with some disparagement . the advancements made from my first ps 3 through to ps 6 and now cs and cs2 has been truly remarkable . however think i will sit out cs 3 and catch up
health neg 403.txt the bed lift system is ok if all you want to do is sit up in bed and read . however , i did not like the way it bounced when trying to sleep on it and the edges or sides would collapse if you were n't centered in the bed
software neg 150.txt crashed the system every time i tried to use it.. . gave me such a headache i tossed it in the trash.. .
health neg 540.txt has anyone taken this formula during natural childbirth and does it help ? ? ? ? ? ? please respond
software neg 533.txt i bought this product because it combined a number of security elements . it worked fine until i installed the network security feature . we have a home network and as soon as i installed the product , the other computers were unable to access the internet . when i tried to uninstall it , my computer lost internet access . even using the 26 digit key did not allow access . customer service was useless . they gave me directions which involved changing the registry . bad move . needless to say , i had to have a computer repair service fix the network , and i had to reformat my hard drive . mcafee assumed no responsibility for the problems it caused , dell was nice enought to walk me through the reformat and it wasnt even their product that caused the problems . i would like to give this no stars
camera neg 551.txt i would spend a little more money and buy a better quality camera . the picture quality was not good at all . i previously owned another kodak camera with the same megapixels and the picture quality on that camera was much better . just after a year of using the kodak c300 camera , it stopped working and i did not use it that much . i now own the sony cybershot dsc-w50 that takes great pictures , i have n't had any problems with it and i have been using it on an almost daily basis since may 2006
camera pos 204.txt it is working well , and it is sturdy . i dropped on the ground when playing frisby , but nothing happened
dvd pos 594.txt this movie classic , is a fabulous movie . the story represents a common dilemma faced by 1st generation young people whose parents are immigrants . here is this sensitive , kind-hearted fellow , marty , a butcher , who just wants to meet a nice girl and get married . nobody really wants him to be happy and have his own life , especially his mother , and his aunt . these two actors play their character parts perfectly , just like real " battle-axes " from the " old country , " etc. they gossip and try to ruin his relationship with a nice girl he has just met . it is hilarious and entertaining and very true to life . i love watching this movie over and over
music neg 71.txt as much as it pains me to say it this live cd is not a worthy billy joel release . in fact one wonders why it was released at all . billy 's voice is strained and is prone to over singing and the arrangements are overblown . from the sound of things billy sounds like he was drunk or on medication . a lot of the running time is waisted with lengthy monologues with the audience . why this was put on the cd is anyones guess but it just neans less songs ! however the good news is that this cd has now been blown away by his superb new 12 gardens cd in which billy is the billy of old . the one who sung well and sung the songs straight as they were meant to be sung . 12 gardens is crammed with 32 songs rather than the 26 on offer here and there 's no timewaisting audience chat ! !
music pos 900.txt this album is the shyit , cougnut and c-fresh deliver , the only problem you might have with this album is figuring out which one is cougnut and which one is c-fresh , but as you listen you will tell differences . & quot ; back in the days&quot ; is real old album , so audio can be bad for a couple of the tracks but there isnt a weak track on this album . the beats do n't get too bass heavy untill & quot ; hillary&quot ; after that song the next 4 tracks or so are very bass heavy , but the flows are tops . these guys are the definition of gangsta , and is a must for anybody who likes gangsta rap . all guests are sick to , dre dog , cellski , chewy , r.b.l , 2.2 and mack and al kapone . definetly a classic
dvd neg 985.txt i 'm not a fan of stephen king film adaptations . the only one i like is carrie bec it was directed by brian depalma and featured terrific performances by sissy spacek and piper laurie . cujo is boring and not all that suspenseful . i could n't wait for it to end . not worth purchasing . okay as a rental
books pos 190.txt the other reveiwers have it right . after studying more than 30 titles on the craft of writing , i can say that this is by far the most useful work on developing believable and well-rounded characters that i have seen to date . the information is timely , practical , and accessible . the examples are well-organized and perfectly suited to the material . the writer can take what he learns and put into practice immediately . excellent work
dvd pos 575.txt for ina claire ninotchka was a last chance to show posterity what she could do , for there would n't be many film opportunities offered her . she 'd been a leading lady of the stage for nigh on thirty years , and her elegant beauty , very much a high-bred dina merrill type look , was still aglow . she was one of carl van vechten 's favorite subjects and he took photo after photo of her , staring imperiously against a wall of baize , or reclining on a lace pillow as fleecy as her beautiful blonde hair . she suffered the ultimate indignity the following year at mgm , when her part in i take this woman was taken away from her and given to the cheaper verree teasdale . her director , josef von sternberg was also let go , and in fact the whole picture was redone so many times studio wags called it i re-take this woman ! the " woman " in question was hedy lamarr ; after ina claire 's hilarious showdowns with garbo in ninotchka , the studio might have thought her perfect for the part of lamarr 's central european rival . a year or so later , and edmund goulding put her to work as dorothy mcguire 's mother in the charming , underrated claudia , but that is definitely a mother part and as such , put an end to ina claire 's film career . as the countess " swana " she gets lots of billy wilder 's best lines and laughs . she 's not afraid of anyone , much less garbo . much has been written about the chemistry between garbo and melvyn douglas , indeed a delightful mix , but the picture would have lacked a lot of its edge without swana 's steely , icy hauteur and her adroit manipulations . in real life ina claire lived on to a great old age . she was 92 when the last curtain fell for her , and here in san francisco , where she spent most of her life , all the lights in her building went off for an hour , precisely at 8:30 , while her fans stood on the street , devoted and vigilant in our own way as the fans surrounding the dakota hotel when john lennon died
books neg 526.txt i was optimistic when i saw the title , but you know that old saying , " do n't judge a book by its cover . " the author has a few legitimate ideas , but any google search could come up with the same information in greater depth and better accuracy . she condemns saving animals from shelters and actually encourages people to breed animals to increase the pet population . she is no more a pet lover than i am a supermodel . her ideas are based solely on money . even if it encourages starting a puppy mill ( euphemistically referred to as a dog breeder ) . early in her book she mentions the titles of a few other books she recommends ( i have chosen not to seek them out ) , but she says do n't spend your money on them , just go to the library and check them out . if you insist on reading this book i give you the same advice . do not buy this book- -check it out from your local library ! then do google searches to get more in-depth , accurate information about any of the four decent ideas she did have , or come back to amazon.com and find a more specific book that can actually be of use . oh , and by the way , the world is already overpopulated with unwanted pets . encouraging people to add to the problem is morally reprehensible
software pos 21.txt previously i owned colorvision 's spyder2 program and was quite satisfied with it . it did not include , however , a program for correcting the printer 's color rendition . the new spyder2pro includes printfix plus . this along with the monitor correction spyder2pro works very effectively . i am very happy with the program . for the price it is a great addition to photoshop editing . the spyder program allows the monitor and printer to show a print that reflects what the user has taken in his digital camera . i have not found any particular negatives about the program . in the past i have used their tech service for fine tuning the program . they were very responsive and helpful .
dvd neg 486.txt there are enough reviews of the main movie story so i do n't need to add anything in that regard . but , what on earth does a lesbian sub-story ( in both regards ) have to do with the story as a whole ? nothing . so , we have another movie that would be great to introduce the whole family to blue-grass music and the appalachian way of life that , instead , heads for the trash bin
health neg 395.txt the elastic part is tape and my husband accidetly stuck it to our daughters legs . when i changed her diapr next she screamed because the tape was on her leg not the diaper . this could happen to anyone , nd i 'm sure it 's not good for a new baby 's skin
software pos 570.txt excellent product works as advertised and so simple to use . product well packaged , arrived earlier than expected and in mint condition . scansoft responded with an email in a timely fashion acknowledging receipt of my rebate paperwork and provided a pin number for me to access their site to check on it 's progress . but you know rebates....they take forever ! pdf converter 4 is not my only scansoft product . i also use paperport 10 and am extremely satisfied with that . my buying experience has always been positive with amazon.com vendors , never a problem . john mc laughlin daytona beach , florid
dvd pos 994.txt i think a lot of people miss the power of this movie . to me this is a scathing view of how simple minded religious people are duped by ministries in this country . even though this was made some years ago before the advent of the infamous tv ministries today , the message is still clear . those who have only a simplistic relgious outlook are prey for the kind of charletans portrayed in this movie . this is certainly one of burt lancaster 's better roles , and he plays it with much guesto ! if we were to look at most of the popular ministers today we would find that many are from this dark kind of background . this movie has a strong message . do n't listen to the word of god from others . if you must believe in the wild stories of the bible , do so in your own way . do not sanction phoney churches and preachers with your time and money ! even in this modern day and age , the influence of this kind of hokem is still strong . mr. bush and the republican party used it as a means to seek re-election ! everyone who is a born again christian , or a church goer of any kind should see this movie and perhaps get a better understanding of what the religious industry is in this country . the ending of the film is perhaps a bit contrived , meant to imply the dangers of man assuming the powers of the almighty ( if there is one ) . still , a powerful film for its time and contains a worthwhile message for viewers today .
software neg 295.txt after using this product for mac for over 10 years . i 'm done . the price keeps going up , the " tax-help " within in the program keeps diminishing and the customer service is almost non-existent . the server meltdown this year was the last straw . their servers were n't too busy to let me pay to efile . but , apparently they were " surprised " by the number of people that they allowed to pay for their service . baloney . i 'll use a pencil and paper next year before i give intuit another $100.
books pos 265.txt this book is a very detailed starting point for renaisance fans . at its heart this is a socio-economic history . the clever inclusion of climate and geographic conditions presuasively explained why prosperous capitalism grew in some regions while others remained stagnant . chapter 5 - " the human unit " was the most informative . most facets of history are here for the reader to absorb . this is the type of book we all wished we had in school
software neg 706.txt i brought the software beleiving that it would help me with my scrapbooking . it has very limited graphics and templates to work with . i would not recomend this software package . also the journaling sucks as well . even when you start a product from scratch the software is n't user friendly with very little guidence . as stated before 1 star is to much .
software neg 666.txt this is the most god awful method for learning a language i have ever encountered . my jaw dropped when i saw that nasa and other government agencies were using this software in order to learn a foreign language . if that is truly the case then i demand my tax dollars back . it is that bad . the reason i gave this software a shot is because their marketing campaign has been asserting that it was the absolute definitive method for learning a new language . you 're probably looking at it for the same reason . first , you should know that you can purchase a set of flash cards from your local bookstore and it is just as effective as any rosetta stone softare and costs 90% less . i used this software when i borrowed it from a friend in order to see if it was better than my current method of learning mandarin , which i 'll get into later . i had an opportunity to make copies of this software when it was in my possession but decided against it . not out of fear of piracy penalties , just plain because i would rather not have this software than have a copy of it . that 's really how awful it is . imagine if your parents tried to teach you english by only teaching you noun / picture association ? it would n't work unless you learned about proper english grammar and proper syntax . if you learned about verbs and other things . this program will assume you know all your chinese numbers automatically . in the very beginning a picture of a little girl will show up and it will verbally say ' one little girl ' in mandarin.. . however it will not tell you which word means the number one , which word means girl , and so on . it 's a guessing game , not a learning experience . all the positive reviews i 've seen for any rosetta stone software on amazing seem absolutely phony and fabricated to me ( especially on the rosetta stone japanese page ) . please beware , and there is no better way to prove that what i 'm saying is true other than trying a demo for yourself . i am sure that it is as bad as the full retail version that i used for a week . the absolute best method i 've used for learning mandarin has been pimsleur 's audio cds . ( i 've never tried berlitz and pimsleur 's other competitors , but i 'm sure they are better than rosetta stone ) . i have used mandarin i and ii so far from pimsleur , and i am able to hold impressive conversations with other fluent speakers of mandarin . the great thing about it is that pimsleur explains everything to you , allows you to say it out loud , there is no brute memorization involved with pimsleur , only natural language assimilation . just ask yourself this , when you learned english as a child . did you learn by learning how to read and write first ? or did you learn how to speak and listen first ? did n't you learn syntax first and then use what you learned to formulate your own sentences ? that 's exactly how pimsleur has taught me mandarin . i was surprised how i was able to create my own grammatically correct sentences with pimsleur only a few lessons in . go ahead and try a demo of any rosetta stone language . it should be enough to keep you away from rosetta stone in favor of any of their competitors . i 've heard good things about berlitz and others , but pimsleur in my opinion is the absolute best .
dvd neg 286.txt what a huge disappointment this release is . i was suspecting that it would n't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show , 20th century fox , was the same video company releasing it . well , the first season looks horrible . the source material is all 16mm dupe prints , some parts of which are out of focus , scratched and dirty . in all cases the image is soft and , well , like 16mm . compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea , produced the same year ( 1964 ) and at the same studio as boone , this release is nothing short of a disgrace . we should be given pristine 35mm source material , and we 're not . i suspect fox would n't release the original camera negs from it 's vaults without a substantial fee . anyway , season one of daniel boone is n't worth buying . i have n't seen season two , when the show started filming in color , but i 'm now afraid to look
music pos 600.txt in 1976 , my fair lady returned to broadway , in a revival touted as the " 20th anniversary " production . perhaps most famously , this particular revival was the first big professional splash of a young soprano called christine andreas.. . at long last , this much sought-after cast album gets its cd premiere . christine andreas is one of the best eliza 's ever captured on disc , and ian richardson 's performance as beleaguered tutor higgins is full of wit and humour . george rose ( in a tony-winning turn as eliza 's dustman father ) is very enjoyable in his main numbers " with a little bit of luck " and " get me to the church on time " . jerry lanning also makes for a fine freddy , with the winsome " on the street where you live " . this recording also features the " embassy waltz " sequence , which was never included on the obc , and only featured as a bonus track on the reissue of the olc . the production itself heavily recreated the original production , complete with oliver smith 's sets and cecil beaton 's costumes . hanya holm 's choreography was revived thanks to original dance captain crandall diehl . christine andreas picked up a theatre world award for her breakthrough performance . the show opened at the st. james theatre on march 25th 1976 , but later moved to the lunt-fontanne theatre where it closed the following year after 377 performances . the following year , andreas returned to broadway in another important revival , the 1978 production of " oklahoma ! " in which she made a thrilling laurey ( cast album available on rca ) ; before cememting her position as broadway 's ingenue of choice , with the role of frankie frayne in the 1983 revival of " on your toes " ( cast album available on jay / ter ) . more recently , she played marguerite st. just , in the original company of frank wildhorn 's flawed " scarlet pimpernel " ( cast album available on atlantic ) . i heartily recommend this particular my fair lady
camera neg 371.txt the camera is just plain cheap . takes nothing but fuzzy , low resolution pictures . the thing weighs a ton and even for all that the binoculars are only mediocre . a great idea , maybe someday someone will actually do it right
camera neg 356.txt the battery looked like a second hand battery signs of leak battery poles discoloured . out of country on holiday will return item on retur
camera pos 712.txt i bought this camera in august . it is really well made and the controls are easy to navigate . i think it takes really good pictures , inside and outside . who cares about video quality ? its a camera , not a camcorder , lady . i think it is a really nice camera . its really durable too . and it looks nice . i would buy it again . i researched a bunch of cameras before this one and i chose the sony in the end . its one step up from just taking everyday pictures . they look really pro . i 'd buy it again
software pos 23.txt i am very happy with it but it does n't live up to my expectations . i also have the reg . plus for xp and i really do n't think the extra money is worth it . if i were to do over i would still have bought the plus superpack for xp but not the regular plus just because i do have a media center pc . if i did n't have that the regular plus for xp would have been just fine
music pos 916.txt i do n't see how they can compare these guys to the mars volta or coheed and cambria . i can hear the prog elements but it 's more of a rush kind of prog rock , shorter 3 minute songs compared to 12 minute epics . they are missing the one thing that would make them a true prog rock band : the songs just are n't as epic as a tmv or a c&amp ; c song . i think reviewers liken brazil to these other bands because their singer has a high pitched singing voice . this is still an amazing album that is well worth your time . go into it expecting sparta rather than the mars volta and you wo n't be disappointed
health pos 549.txt very convenient to use . however , since the neck band is rigid and does not fold , it is difficult to carry
dvd neg 679.txt hey , angry young man ! if you 're going to just sit there all smug , mr. " yeah , i used to have a tv , but i busted it cuz i just do n't care , doggie , " and make fun of this nation 's fine secret service , why do n't you just go to an axis of evil nation and see how funny it is then ? when you 're sucking on rocks to stave off the inevitable side effects of dehydration . when , if you want to go to the market to buy more rocks to suck on , you have to whip yourself with metal shards tied to the end of long leather straps as you walk . and just because you saved the sorry excuse for a young lady who will become a drug addict bag lady once she gets old enough to lose hope of realizing her dreams earns you no points in my book . freedom does n't come for free , so quit whining about the draft , dick trickle ! the " moonlighting " tie-in is cute , but quickly turns sour , as bruce willis seems to have been off working on another " die hard " installment while the episode was being filmed and it 's just not the same without those sarcastic wing-dingers . bet you did n't know lou ferrigno was scorsese 's first choice for the lead , but he was n't willing to thin down for the role and he kept firing his language coaches
health pos 517.txt i took " my " unit to a monthly meeting for seniors . their machine broke & i took mine as a replacement . they liked it so well , they had me buy this unit for the monthly meetings . they like all the different aspects of the machine . a suggestions could be to include a card that you could carry in your wallet & write down the date & the numbers from the machine ?
camera neg 692.txt if you are looking for a still shot digital camera ok. . but why buy this monster for that ? i have a t1 that does the trick there and gives 5mp . ok , so maybe video ? ok , but then why do i want a dvd with nothing but raw footage ? cant edit it without a lot of work . ( where is the firewire port , or even the ability to edit an mpg file ? ) geeez. . anyway. . i am taking mine back . it is totally useless to me as i already have a still shot camera. . save your money. . dont do it. .
software neg 617.txt the vista set up is nice but is buggy and incompatible with a lot of games and upgrades
health pos 579.txt i have been very satisfied with the monitor . it is easy to use and seems to be quite accurate . i was disappointed to find when i opened the box that there were no instructions included . a quick phone call had them on the way . i was able to use it without the instructions but could not set the time , etc. all-in-all it is a quite satisfactory device
camera neg 114.txt at 300mm this lens is very soft , it 's hard to get a shot that looks like it 's in focus . to do so , you need to shoot at about f / 11 , and then since there is little light available , you usually have to bump the iso to 800 or 1600 just to get an acceptable shutter speed . of course , the high iso then introduces other artifacts . the focus is also dead slow and often does n't lock on . this is a lens that i have constantly fought with . do n't upgrade to the new 70-300 is either , as it 's only marginally better . buy the 70-200 f / 4l . it 's a far superior lens
dvd neg 954.txt if the girls in this film were considered " hot " back in 1979 then i 'm glad i was still in preschool . some unattractive women , not college age girls , but actual 30-year-old women who cannot get into the popular pi sorority start their own sorority called h.o.t.s. which stands for help out the seals and sadly their pet seal was the best part of the movie . the goal of the h.o.t.s. girls is to steal all the guys away from pi house , so they throw " wild " parties , jump topless out of a airplane ( too bad the camera was on the ground ) , fly a hot air balloon over the pi house to launch pies on the pi girls as they sunbathe topless , etc. the script seems to have been written by a 12-year-old , which is n't a bad thing . i liked the fast-paced wackiness of it all and the frequent topless scenes were nice . unfortunately i did n't find any of the girls even remotely attractive . if this film was remade today with the same amount of nudity and with nikki ziering , brittany daniel , shannon elizabeth and jenna jameson as the four main h.o.t.s. girls and maybe catherine bell as the house mom it would gross over $800 million in dvd sales . i also agree with one of the previous reviewers who complained about the lack of rear shots . how rude
camera pos 690.txt i really wanted a 3ccd model , but since i 'm just starting out and need to buy other stuff , like a tripod , monopod , media , firewire adapter card , camera bag , etc. this fits the budget nicely and it is compact enough to carry it anywhere . yes the usb connection does work , yes firewire does work , although it took me a minute to figure out that a connection problem was the fault of the video software version i was using , not the fault of the camera
health neg 265.txt i was quite pleased with this alarm clock until recently when i found that it was consistently waking me up one hour early . i tried fiddling with the dst setting and then changing the alarm and clock times just a little but without fail it would wake me an hour earlier than i wanted . the brightness may be a problem for some people but i found it reasonable . overall a good docking station , but a poor alarm clock
health pos 628.txt i 've had one of these little trimmers for four or five years now . it does its jobs , and i 've have no reliability problems at all . one word of advice - - do n't use it on " the boys " without the little plastic guard or you 'll be sorry. .
health pos 404.txt he 'd always had problems with frequent canker sores . after he tried this ( on a recommendation from his dentist ) , his canker sores went from 2-3 / week , to 2-3 / year !
software neg 26.txt i purchased this software thinking that i could take my digital images , create a slide show with music , and then burn it to dvd for the family to watch . unfortunately , the disk that i got gave me some error messages that when i called tech support ( one hour hold time ) they told me that my error message meant that i could create files , but they 'll only run on my computer , not on my tv dvd player . in addition , you need to buy additional dvd burning software , because the dvd burning software imbedded in this software package will only create dvds that will run on a dvd player with the microsoft logo on them . ( the package says the dvds will run on almost any dvd player ) so i asked for my money back . however , since it took me more than 30 days to find all of this out , they refused a refund .
dvd neg 333.txt i have to say that even though teti hatcher 's performance was good the movie itself was terrible . the plot was pretty dumb and the situations that take place in the movie are not believable . i can ; t believe i wasted my money on this one
books pos 351.txt i was a little wary about the title but this was not at all about weight gain and / or loss ; weight was incidental . in this fiercely intelligent novel , dorothy and justine are both desperately lonely women , both victims of abuse , and yet are different in other ways . their parents often failed them , their childhood was often full of shame and self-sabotage , but gaitskill writes this with complexity , always aware that a victim can also be a victimizer . gaitskill is never sentimental . underneath her narrative , underneath the pain and the sex scenes ( which are never fully loving ) and the disappointments and loneliness , is a raging anger at the inability of human beings to connect - on race , on class , but mostly on gender . i sensed that anna granite , the intellectual whose shadow dominates this narrative , and who is the reason dorothy and justine first meet , is gaitskill 's platform for displaying her keen intellect ; and sometimes there is a hint of didactism . but this is a minor quibble . the last section moved me very much and proved that although gaitskill abhors sentimentality , she can certainly do sentiment well . ` humanity ' is a word often found in this book . our sexuality is connected to our humanity . our ability to treat other human beings like human beings is what makes us human . in the end , gaitskill 's brilliant , wonderfully feminist novel was , for me , about how easily we strip each other of our humanity .
camera neg 267.txt i purchased this camera right before we had our first child . needless to say , i would have rather donated the money to charity ! the flash recovery time is ridiculously slow , but that i can live with . the 4 out of every 5 pictures that come out blurry , i can not . now i have a photo album of blurry baby pictures that we can reflect on . needless to say i think we will try a different brand when we purchase our next camera
camera pos 643.txt at least for now it is : - ) . during the course of the past 10-12 months i have owned 7 , that 's seven , digital cameras : canon s230 ; kodak v530 ; 5 different models of casio's : z60 , z600 , z850 , p700 ; and most recently presented my wife with a red s770 for valentine 's day . i also had a pretty good chance to evaluate canon sd450 ( my brother-in-law owns one - it was actually a gift from my wife and i to him for his 21st birthday ) , casio ex-s600 ( a good friend of mine owns one ) , and panasonic dmc-tz1 ( once again , a gift from my wife and i to my father-in-law for his last birthday ) . if you read any of my digital camera reviews ( and i 've written a few by now ) , then you know that i 'm not particularly fond of canon 's lately - i think they are overrated and overpriced for what they have to offer . as i also mentioned before , i 've tried several different kodak models ( and i used to work for the company too ! ) , but all of them turned out to be a waste of my time , to say the least . i became a big fan of casio 's , although not all of my experiences with them were great . but being a huge gadget " freak " that i am , and constantly wanting new " toys " , i have always craved for more . over time , my tastes in digital cameras have changed from having a simple point and shoot type of camera to wishing for more power and manual control . so one by one , i returned / sold all of my cameras , and after extensive ( and i really do mean extensive ) research , i got myself an lx2. i must say though that i probably would n't have without getting to know my father-in-law 's tz1 first . i was actually quite impressed with it . powerful zoom , sharp lens , decent picture quality . i also played with some other panasonic models in various stores just to get a better feel for them , as well as spent a few hours on the phone , and exchanged numerous e-mails with a friend of mine who owns an fz30 , and who swears by it . unfortunately , lx2 was not available anywhere locally , but i felt that i got a pretty good understanding of what panasonic 's cameras are all about , and after some more thought and consideration , i went ahead and bought it from amazon ( nice thing about buying from amazon is that you can always return whatever it is you bought , including digital cameras , within 30 days for a full refund , no questions asked ) . i did know about the " noise " issue at high iso 's , but it was n't a decisive factor for me , and i 'm glad i did n't pay much attention to it and got the camera anyway . it turned out to be one of the best purchases i 've made in a long while . here is why : pros : - superb design . this camera is wonderfully crafted . and i absolutely love black ! it gives the camera a nice , clean , professional look . i do n't think i 'll be buying another silver camera soon after having this one ; - intuitive controls , and menus . i charged the battery , put it into the camera , and started using it and taking pictures right away , without even going through the manual once ; - a load of features , including a large , bright , widescreen lcd ; wide angle , super sharp leica lens with a 4x zoom ; mega ois - optical image stabilization control ( optical means it 's done mechanically , which is a true way of doing stabilizing , comparing to other cameras where it 's done by " tricking " the camera into using higher iso 's ) ; and many more . in addition , it has a joystick for an easy access to different menus , has a number of manual controls , as well as provides ability to shoot in raw format ( more on that later ) ; - it comes with silkypix developer studio software for working with camera raw files . for someone who is not familiar with raw - it 's a " pure " , camera specific picture format . it varies upon a manufacturer , meaning that canon raw is different from nikon or panasonic raw , for example . and it 's " pure " in a sense that it 's of a much better quality than a standard jpeg ( jpg ) , and does n't suffer from loss of information , such as white balance , or brightness . there is a lot more to raw than that , and i 'm not going to go into details right now . what i want to say , however , is that having previously owned a camera which supported raw format ( casio ex-p700 ) , i must have tried about a dozen of different raw editing software packages , including products from adobe , ulead , arcsoft , photofiltre , picture window pro , acdsee , lightzone , image broadway , and more . silkypix delivered by far the best results of all . the only one that i would probably put next to it is bibble ; - noise - what noise ? ! i really hate it when i hear people complaining about noise in this camera ( after having it tried myself ) , or any other compact digital camera for that matter . are you really that nave that you think that you will get absolutely no noise in your images using a compact digital camera ? think again . you might have noticed that i 've used the word " compact " several times here . i 've done it on purpose - it is inevitable for a compact digital camera to produce some noise . some cameras are better than others , but no matter how hard you try , you will see some . this camera is no better or worse than any other one that i 've had / tried . at higher iso 's ( above 400 ) , it 's slightly more visible , but who in the right state of mind is using anything over iso 200 on a compact digital camera , such as this one , anyway ? i always have mine set to a 100. if i feel that it does n't get the job done , i shoot in raw ; - picture quality is very good . yes , it does take some time getting used to , but once you familiarize yourself with everything this camera is capable of , you can achieve spectacular results , especially if you do n't mind doing some post processing . as much as i like everything this camera has to offer , there are , however , some things that kind of irritate me . here is a short list of bad things about this camera , otherwise known as cons : - first of all , this camera has actually been somewhat misrepresented . it 's been advertised as a 10.2 megapixel camera , which is not entirely true . 10.2 mp resolution is available only in 16:9 ( wide ) aspect ratio . two more ratios are available - 3:2 , and a more conventional 4:3 , but those offer 8.5 , and 7.5 mp resolutions respectively . so if you compare this camera to others that do n't have a widescreen format , or if you prefer to shoot only in a regular 4:3 mode , then this camera should only be referred to as a 7 mp digital camera ( because not all the pixels are actually effective ) . obviously , panasonic is aware of it , and marketed it having higher pixel count on purpose , to boost consumer 's interest ; - i expected to see a compact digital camera . what i got instead was actually a smaller compact camera than i expected . i was really surprised to see how small , yet convenient to hold and operate , the camera body was . what i did n't like , however , was the lens . not the lens itself , it 's actually quite superb , but the fact that it sticks out . i like cameras with lenses that retract all the way back to the camera body . i realize that it would probably loose some features , like the wide angle , and perhaps zoom , but i still wish it did that . it would be so much more.. . umm.. . compact ? ! the way it actually is makes it quite difficult to find the right case for it . almost impossible , i should say . i 've tried a few , but they are either too small or too big . i just ca n't find one that would fit right . i put an order for an slx1b case for it , which is specifically designed to fit lx1 , and lx2 models , but i hear they are not that good . we shall see ; - i 'm not a big fan of a pop-up flash . i always keep forgetting to open it when i need to use it . and it also seems a bit flimsy . i 'm treating it as carefully as i can , but i just ca n't stop thinking that it might break soon ; - i hate the lens cap ! ! ! there , i said it . it 's probably just one of those small annoyances that keep frustrating you until you get used to it , but for now i 'm not really happy with it . summary : despite very few minor negatives , i think lx2 is probably one of the best , most innovative cameras on the market today , and i sure am glad to have one . it offers more than any other camera in the same price range , and can even compete with some dslr 's when it comes to picture quality . if you are someone like me , who wants to have more control and / or learn more about digital photography , or a dslr user who just needs a solid backup to carry everywhere , then this camera is not be overlooked ! highly recommended
health neg 375.txt the best kind of electric toothbrush ( according to my hygienist ) is one with a rotating top to the head , that way it gets the gums better . i ordered this one and i do n't like it.. . besides the lack of rotating head , it is very loud and i feel like i 'm going to wake up my roommates . : )
dvd neg 477.txt i was purchasing rockin ' wheels ( the one with the train and fire truck ) for my son , and the truck adventures came up as a combo deal with a discount if you bought them together . we borrowed the rockin ' wheels dvd from the library and he liked it so much , i thought it would be good to have two different ones . however , the truck adventures is not as good , and my son does n't even ask to watch it . the songs are lame and so is the narrator . do n't bother
dvd pos 260.txt the beautiful young brooke shields plays 11 / 12 year old violet , daughter of hattie ( susan sarandon ) a new orleans prostitute living and working in a brothel in 1917. violet has been raised in the brothel and has not been to school and has known no other life or anything about the outside world . when she turns 12 , her virginity is auctioned off . brooke shields ' portrayal of violet is poignant and beautiful . her childish charms and innocence are so heart-wrenchingly sweet . the scene where she jumps up and down on the photographer 's bed ( very childlike ) and asks him whether he will take care of her before throwing her arms around him and giving him small childlike kisses on the nose , forehead etc. and reciting that little rhyme really pulled at my heart strings ! i just wanted to jump into the tv and give her a hug ! ! this , mixed with the seductive adult things that she also says in this scene ( and others ) is particularly poignant as we know that young violet is merely reciting what she 's heard from the prostitutes . the photographer also says that violet does n't know what she 's saying . you just want to turn the clock back , hug violet and give her a proper childhood ! the photographer marries her because he 's fascinated with her beauty , innocence and is concerned that she is only a child and should not be in a brothel becoming a prostitute . the part where he gives her a doll is poignant as she has already lost her virginity and it seems that he 's trying to give back her childhood , sadly she 's been exposed to too much , too soon in her life . susan sarandon and brooke shields are wonderful in this movie as well as keith carradine , the photographer . the art aspect & music soundtrack are amazing . this movie deals with a taboo subject seen through the eyes of a child as ' normal ' which enhances poignancy and brings out the viewers maternal need to ' rescue ' young violet .
camera neg 608.txt my camera has broken in less than one year of owning it . because i received it as a gift i do n't have the proof of purchase so kodak will not fix my camera for no cost . what a lemon the cx7300 is . first of all it takes pictures so delayed you never really get a good candid picture . what 's broken ? i can take one picture before the batteries go dead . i change the batteries , one picture . change the batteries again , one picture
books neg 552.txt i have read 3 books of ann in last 3-4 months and no doubt loved it , but not sure if i am reading same info in different books with different titles from her . i guess i am not buying this title and anymore of her unless it has way different contents.. .
music neg 350.txt i got this cd because i loved their radio hits " bring me to life " and " my immortal . " while those songs are beautiful , they are not representative of the rest of the album . although i tried and tried to get into this cd , the hard rock teen goth style just is n't my cup of tea , and the lyrics are too depressing . if you are a fan of bands such as linkin park or seether , you might enjoy this . however , if you only like " my immortal " and " bring me to life " because of amy 's powerful vocals , you 'd be better off listening to tori amos or sarah mclachlan .
books pos 545.txt smoothies are a quick snack pick-me-up , or a simple breakfast idea . do you crave a fruity , cool drink on a hot summer day ? want to add more fruit to your kid 's diet ? smoothies just might be your answer ! contained in this cute , colorful book are 50 recipes and full color photos of most recipes . also included at the end of the book is nutrient information with each recipe , and there is even a chapter on alcoholic smoothies . some of my favorites include : abc smoothie ( with apricot , coconut milk , & banana ) , starburst , cranzania , polynesian power punch , cookies & cream , raspberry cappuccino , and sunset sipper . enjoy !
dvd neg 652.txt a dismal disappointment . i think you should rent it and find out for yourself before you actually own a copy . when i see the high ratings , i wonder if people have some investment in the selling of this product . the original lonesome dove mini series was unbelievably well done . a complete multifaceted joy . i was so excited when i saw there was a sequel and the joy of lonesome dove would continue . well it did n't and you can read why in more depth in other low ratings
camera pos 495.txt for those wishing to purchase this product , and who also want accessory filters to protect the lens , or to add special effects , although not mentioned , the size of the filter is 30mm . ( not the 37 mm mentioned at other locations , which caused me to order the wrong size which now must be returned . ) remember , 30 ( thirty ) mm
dvd neg 630.txt first off , robert deniro as the monster . i saw him and immediately thought of jake lamotta or vito corleone . they did n't even try to disguise his accent and no-one ever explains why the monster sounds like he just got off the plane from new york . second , kenneth brannagh was so in love with the set that he forgot about story . finally the scene where elizabeth was ressurected was ridiculous . frankenstien 's shock that she 's not happy to be back- -burnt up , cut of and her heart pulled out of her chest- - was supposed to be touching but i laughed . we all know how great kenneth brannagh is but he got completely carried away here and the result was really , really , really bad . i give it two stars for the pretty costumes and utter magnificence of aidan quinn 's face .
camera pos 352.txt if you are looking for a great all around camera , this is it ! our kids play sports and are in constant motion and the sports mode captures it all . also love the " last 4 " feature , gets some great action shots . we had the fuji 7000 before this and they have definately fixed the features that bugged me . love the new manual zoom ( if you like 35mm lenses your like this ) as well as the battery drain . i used to have to replace batteries every day , now its more like once a week with the amount we use it . my other favorite feature is the dual memory slots for those times where i forget to put it back in the camera after downloading ! so there is always one in there ! . the video comes out great and with the new manual lens you can zoom during video shots . in general , without spending a lot more , you get a great camera that keeps up with an active " picture happy " family
music pos 628.txt five stars may be excessive if you judge this cd alongside the greatest classics , but when compared to similar cds within the singer-songwriter folk-rock genre , this beautifully simple and powerful collection really shines . i find myself coming back to this cd more often than to many better-known classics because it has a freshness and originality that sustain interest . the writing , while occasionally a bit awkward , is consistently interesting , honest and moving . the themes of introspection , nostalgia , regret , and defiance are presented in a searingly personal manner . the song " if i were a man " is a rich celeration of the wonders women bring to relationships and the world ; " child of steel " plucks the heartstrings with an achingly wistful delicacy ; and " take my body " is a strong lament about the objectification of women . i especially love the pared-down guitar arrangements ; the simplicity really works with ms. cash 's strong vocals and makes me wish some of my other favorite vocalists would occasionally just get back to basic guitar accompaniments . i 've seen ms. cash perform live and , while she has other hits that may be more popular , this collection reveals her unique brilliance
software pos 528.txt purchased my dazzle recorder from amazon stocked items and found it to be just as advertised . the dazzle performs as advertised and a very reliable method of recording movies . it is very simple to install and operate . i bought this dazzle for my daughter and now will order one for myself
camera pos 216.txt " wow ! " is all i can say to express my reaction after getting prints taken with my 17-40. i 've been using nikon manual-focus nikkors since 1988 and was always satisfied with the color and sharpness . however , after using the canon " l " series , i 've sold a lot of my nikkors . the color , clarity , sharpness , and detail of the " l " lenses are amazing . the prints have this 3-d effect ( without having to use those silly red / blue glasses ! ) 8 - ) within 3 weeks of receiving my 17-40 , i ordered the 70-200. those two lenses will replace my whole nikkor collection . build is really good . the " l " zooms are a little bulkier , but very managable . the nikkors are smaller , but very heavy . but lense technology and coatings have improved so much in 20 years , i can see the difference . i tested the lens by pointing it toward the sun . the 17-40 surprising handles flare very well . with the sun just outside the field of view , there was very little flare and loss of contrast . i also make 12x18 prints , and this lens handles them easily . the body is going to be the limiting factor ( refering to digital bodies ) . warning : once you use " l " glass , you are going to be spoiled . you may not settle for consumer lenses anymore , although some non-l lenses are quick good from what i read
software pos 165.txt i feel home designer suite 6 is a good value for the price . it obviously is not a full blown pro program , which i think many people expect , however it is a great tool for an ordinary person to do preliminary plans for new construction or remodeling . those plans can then be provided to a architect or builder as a foundation for final planning . it is quite easy to learn the basics by merely following the tutorials in the manual , or on the provided cd
books neg 280.txt sometimes a reader knows more about a narrow subject than the author . when the author is in error about that subject , the reader may question the accuracy of the descriptions in the rest of the book . such is the case here . i 've written 123 books ; several on parachutes and skydiving . i am a pilot , skydiver and parachute rigger ; i know the sport and the industry . the author wrote : " we use flat chutes as parasails . " what is " flat " ? square ? rectangular ? ram-air ? a " parasail " is a kite and is usually under tow behind a boat . this sentence does not make any sense . " four miles up , he pulled " . that would be 21 , 120 feet . the use of oxygen is not mentioned . " ferocious , out of control spiral . one of the cells collapsed . " the collapse of a single cell will not cause a fast turn and the cell is easily re-inflated . " corkscrewing caused the other cells to collapse . " not likely . " guide lines " an uncommon reference . they are referred to as control lines or toggles . he jettisoned the main canopy at 15 , 000 feet . he freefell ten seconds and opened his reserve at 12 , 700 feet . the rest of the team on this haho jump would still be at 18 , 000 feet . " five minutes later . " he would be at about 8 , 000 feet . " he estimated he had about 15 minutes of glide remaining . " more like eight minutes . " he was so relaxed , he was startled to hear canopies fluttering all around him and the sound of men splashing down just under him . " how did they all beat him to the landing area ? they were 5 , 000 feet above him . fiction writers have a responsibility to make their descriptions accurate . when a reader finds obvious discrepancies in one area , it makes him or her wonder if the rest of the book is accurate . and , the writing is not creative . dan poynter the parachute manual & the skydiver 's handbook . danpoynter@parapublishing.com .
software neg 415.txt microsoft continues their legacy of software that does n't work . i 've been using windows since the very beginning and 2000 professional and windows xp was about the only solid operating systems microsoft has released . you would expect this so called upgrade to further improve upon this , instead it is many steps backwards . btw , i have a 4400 amd , 3 gigs of ram , and can say that vista is slow slow slow . be prepared for everything to run slower than it did on xp . cool interface , about the only positive thing about vista i have found so far . searches are also much faster , but hardly a reason to upgrade . be prepared for windows updates after installing vista that actually cause once working drivers to stop working . i 'm tempted to go back to xp , so needless to say a big waste of time and effort .
books pos 128.txt " when i first came to iran , black clad women all seemed the same . scary unsmiling servants of the ayatollas " having visited the islamic republic of iran in june , i was better prepared for that vast country portrayed by elaine sciolino in her book persian mirrors . i am more than grateful for this book , which alerted me to the diversity of cultures , and the general way of life so absolutely different from the western world . elaine sciolino made me so very aware of the perfect social world of the iranians and also i am thrilled to say that once you make a friend of an iranian , you have a friend for life . my most treasured memories of iran will never leave me and i thank ms sciolino for preparing me for that journey . reviewed by heather marshall negahdar ( sugar-cane 11 / 10 / 05 )
camera pos 279.txt i absolutely love this camera . i 've told everyone i know to buy it . the picture quality is amazing . there are so many options with this tiny little camera ! you can edit pictures before you even print them . zoom in on a picture already taken and save it that way , and so much more . i take pictures of everything ! i charged the battery when i got the camera , which was about three weeks ago , and it 's still going . i have 7 / 8th of battery life left . i have n't had to charge it again . i am so happy with my purchase ! i hope this helps you
music pos 268.txt when my boyfriend bought this for me i was so happy and i remember i would play this music and sing for him in the car on cool dark , starry nights and i would be mesmerized not only by the intensity of those nights , but by the music she sang and how she deeply , richly portrayed those songs . she really knew how to set the mood for any lover or lonely lover as well . i totally recommend this cd to start if you have not heard much of her music...she truly is addicting once you hear these songs...these songs will definetly put you in an enchanting and romantic journey
books neg 164.txt after reading the delightful charlie and the chocolate factory , this sequel was an absolute let-down . the novel begins with the great glass elevator breaking through the ceiling of charlie 's ( formerly wonka 's ) chocolate factory and rocketing into orbit around the earth . while beyond the reaches of earth 's atmosphere , our heroes- --charlie , grandpa joe , and mr. wonka- --must deal with the malleable and voracious vermicious knids ( pronounced " k'nids " ) , aliens which resemble unfrighteningly hostile figs or turds with eyes . far worse than these beasties , though , are the insufferable old folks whose twenty-year stint in their shared bed has made them less than useless . charlie , joe , and wonka , with no help from charlie 's folks or other grandparents , save themselves and a us spacecraft from the clutches of the knids and return to the chocolate factory , where the old timers stupidly overdose on youth pills , returning them to infancy or beyond . charlie and wonka race around trying to help these ancient parasites , who respond to this assistance with the thanklessness the reader comes to expect from these oldsters . at the end of the novel , the geriatric brigade finally leaves the bed when they have a chance to meet the president . in short , these three are the most tedious , spiteful , unredeemable characters i 've come across in children 's literature and i hoped that they would be eaten by the knids or the gnoolies or even the oompa-loompas as i read this book . as it is , they ( unlike the awful kids in the chocolate factory ) learn no lessons and persist in their curmudgeonly parasitism from the first page to the last . their presence throughout the novel rendered it a chore , rather than a joy , to read .
books neg 183.txt i did not find this book very helpful . there is an entire chapter dedicated to which expensive pots are the best to & quot ; invest&quot ; in ( it seems the pricier the better , and i mean several hundred dollars , i actually went to stores and priced the recommended brands ) and what kind of fancy kitchen gadgets are needed to create gourmet meals . i am not a professional chef , just a simple housewife that enjoys preparing simple , good-tasting meals for my family , the recipes here seem to be time-consuming and complicated . not much money to be saved here
music neg 578.txt this recording is not great company . i 'm really confused : is it a broadway recording or a very poor amatuer recording ? and if so , did this rubbish actually make it to the broadway stage ? i feel for the people that saw it , and were expecting the rich full melodies that sondheim produced for this show . the musical director for this abomination should be called a mutilation director , because that is precisely what he did to the music of this show . so the only advice i give to future musical directors that want to revive and revamp a show : if it 's not broke , please , please , please do n't try and fix it ! some things are just perfect the way they are . do n't buy this cd . i did and it is now a coaster where it gets better use
music pos 155.txt this is a fantastic album . the fact that 5 star reviews are still being submitted over 10 years after its release ( and they 're not the beatles or u2 or anything ) should speak volumes . i have played this cd countless times over the years and i am amazed that i am not sick of it . i am a pretty constant consumer of new music . get this cd - you wo n't regret it ! ( ps i 've never done an amazon review before , but the fact that this has had only 22 motivated me ) . it is melodic , catchy , uplifting and cheeky - in short , a little piece of musical bliss .
music neg 337.txt this is an endurance test . as in ' bitches brew''live evil''love at the fillmore ' latter day miles consists of moments of brilliance combined with long stretches of absolute tedium . it makes ' jack johnson ' a real non event and considering the quality of musicians on board it is a real surprise . take ' yesternow ' it takes for ever for billy cobham to find a beat . this is just self indulgence of the worse kind , a trait which unfortunately perpetrated a lot of the jazz fusion crossovers . miles seems to want to create ' moods ' and ends up with twenty minute plus of wallpaper music . this album is the complete nadir of his jazz crossover period . mcgaughlin 's guitar though breathtaking in the mahavisuna orchestra here contents himself with silly little runs , totally without any structure and fire ( this unfortunately was the same throughout his stay with miles ) disjointed would be too kind a word . when you reliased that this was edited from long jams it makes you wonder how dull the unreleased parts were ( i dread to even contemplate ) . miles playing though usually inspired and lyrical here struggles to solo over the fast tempo 's and is embarassingly weak . maybe if i saw the film it was supposed to accompany i might view this differant , but without that it is just a meandering and unfocused mess
dvd pos 915.txt richard dreyfuss is excellent as a cop on a stakeout ( along with partner emilio estevez ) of pretty madeleine stowe ( they have to watch her house through the night ) , and he falls in love with her . before the movie is over there 's a big car chase and an exciting climax in a lumber mill with a killer ( aidan quinn ) . it 's pretty standard fare for this kind of cop movie , but the script is above average - especially the dialogue - and dreyfuss 's performance is right on target . a very entertaining movie ; definitely worth a watch
books pos 262.txt ellen wright has done it again . this time , with meredith brokaw . and the two have combined to put together a wonderful array of recipes that are easy to follow and wonderful to serve to guests . often at my dinner parties i refer to ellen wright 's previous books . but now big sky opens a new door to cooking and presents inviting and simple recipes that will have your guests in awe of your skills . even for simple family meals , you will find yourself referring to big sky time and time again.. . i do n't know what i did before big sky was published . this is a five-star cookbook that everyone should have in their home .
music neg 537.txt i 'm a big fan of " the boss " , but for the life of me , ca n't fathom why he is unable to follow the lead of larger acts , and actually " unplug " for mtv unplugged . this cd offers no new material that ca n't be found elsewhere , and is basically nothing more than a " live in concert " cd that just so happened to be filmed by mtv . this concert took place in 1992 , and you know it 's pretty bad when you have bands ribbing you three years later about going on mtv unplugged , and then having to go and plug in . it 's not like bruce does n't know how to play acoustic guitar , because he does . i 'm a big acoustic guitar fan , and for someone of bruce 's talent level , to not be able to write songs that can be played acoustically only serves to bring down the level of respect i have for his talent . not what i would consider an essential recording , and not recommended , unless you are such a die-hard " boss " fan that you have to own every album he puts out . otherwise , save your money
camera neg 963.txt use less than 3 times , the touch screen does n't work.do n't know why~
dvd pos 834.txt i just watched " mommie dearest " for the first time tonight . as most critics and fans of " mommie dearest " acknowledge , the film portrays such a pitiful story of abuse , with such an over-dramatic ( but entirely true-to-life ) performance by faye dunaway , it was both hilarious and depressing . i 'm 30 and did n't know much about joan crawford outside of the endless chatter about the film being " classic camp . " seems to me crawford was probably bi-polar or had some other unexplained mental disorder . i think she was quite aware that some of the insanity she lived with was caused by movie industry she was dedicated to . she knew the industry poisoned any good thing she endeavored to do , whether it was having a successful marriage , a happy family , or even giving to charity . her life was a running commercial directed by hollywood , not unlike the tabloid-driven , image-obsessed hollywood we have today . despite the often-times hilarious image of her and her sibling 's victimization on film , christina 's abuse and disappointment with her mother was real and painful at some point in her life . christina crawford was completely justified turning her mother 's image on its head with her book and movie . yes , the movie is outrageous but it is also empowering . after all , what can the powerless do about their pitiful past except laugh . mocking the unexplained , unjustified pain you experienced in the past , renders it powerless to harm your future . this is the legacy of " mommie dearest " whatever joan crawford really was
dvd neg 775.txt as some of the other reviewers have mentioned , this us release has replaced the original source music . but the region 2 version has been released without these cuts , so for everyone with a multiregion player , i 'd suggest using amazon.co.uk to buy a copy there instead
software pos 462.txt having a study bible on my palm pilot has been very helpful . whenever i had some down time i always wished i had my bible . now i do at all times . it is easy to navigate . takes up a good amount of memory so just be prepared , but if you have enough memory on a card in your palm , it works great . i have used the memorize help feature a lot as well for memorizing verses . great product !
software pos 191.txt this program is very easy to use and the projects are beautiful . installation is self explanatory . this also goes for the prepararation of cards ect.detailed instructions apear at each step at the top of the window as the user moves his her mouse-pointer over various portions of the graphics . if you are looking for an easy to use program with great results , this is the one to get . with the cost of cards being what it is , this program will pay for itself very quickly . relatives will like the fact that they are getting greetings which have been personalized . i recommend this program highly
dvd neg 391.txt this was a very annoying and boring flick thats barely watchable and throughout the film i kept looking at my watch , the film is not a historical drama nor is it an autobiographical film about william shakespreare infact it is a romantic comedy disguised as a historical drama . my girlfriend insisted that we watch this film together but i was n't in the mood she forced me to watch this , the film was about a struggling young writer shakespeare played by joseph fiennes who falls in love with lady viola played by gwyneth paltro who also happens to inspire his famous play romeo and juliet , this film also won a couple of oscars including gwyny for best actress but i felt like the film was just not that funny because all the characters seemed to talk in an old english style thats hard to understand . overall the film was just o.k. i think that some of the sets and costumes were fantastic and judi dench was great as queen elizabeth but i never want to watch this film again , if your a shakspeare fan and like romantic comedies then you might like this film more than i did .
software pos 95.txt not bad , however , in version 10 , was able to use cntrl + to zoom in . used the + on the number pad - - now this function does n't work , and the only + that works is that in the top row of the keyboard . the zoom out " - " in the number pad still works , but not the plus . i say that 's not good . why ruin things with an upgrade
dvd pos 382.txt this is a great movie and i got it sent to me in a reasonable time and it was a wonderful service thank you very much
health neg 755.txt this product almost had me going to the er . i felt a little flush so i used this monitor to check my blood pressure . it was 151 / 98. a second check showed 148 / 100. i then really started feeling flush as a wave of burning flushed my body . my wife an rn said calm down , breath deeply . i went over to my rottweiler and started hugging and petting her . after about 10 min . i felt the flushness go away but the blood pressure showed 162 / 99. i made a dr 's appointment and brought the machine with me . in his office where my pressure always is elevated when he 1st takes it , i used the machine in front of him and my pressure was 153 / 107. i really got nervous . he took it with his machine and it was 140 / 82. you wo n't believe the relief . he took it again with another machine and it had come down to 135 / 80. i 'd like to return the machine for a non-digital one . i 've seen this before with a digital machine from a different company
software neg 589.txt i was very happy with my quickbooks basics . but for whatever corporate reason they no longer support the basics version , so i was forced to upgrade to pro 2007. it is much slower than basics , it 's more complicated to back-up ( it asks so many questions ) , also it takes longer to print a simple check ( again too many clicks before it prints.. .
dvd neg 164.txt i bought this dvd to replace a worn video from the bbc ( british broadcasting commission ) . it was a bit of a shock . the original film has been edited and chopped up with bits of rubbish added through . it also now has a poor voice over . the whole feel of the film has been removed . all the pbs...and viewers like your rubbish ? where 'd that come from . it was totallly funded via the bbc . the pbs editions mess up may have been funded by someone else . my copy is going free as i wo n't be watching it again . sincerely , do yourself a favour and source out a bbc edition . i give it ( 5 stars ) it is an awesome package . inspiring and well told . something to watch again and again ( hence i 've worn out the video cassette
health pos 343.txt as a dentist of over 20+ years experience , i have seen over and over again the results of not flossing one 's teeth . the unfortunate result of such neglect is cavities ( especially in kids ) , and inevitable gum disease in adults , which in both cass over time leads to tooth loss . gum disease almost always starts in-between the teeth and the only way to clean the germs that cause gum disease and cavities from between the teeth is with floss . mechanical scrubbing with floss is the key , and all the daily brushings and rinsings will not remove the in-between stubborn plaque below the gumline . the bottom line is that we need to floss our teeth if we want to keep them for a lifetime . i have heard all the excuses for not flossing : the floss is too hard to handle , my fingers turn blue , my fingers are too fat , i 'm too clumsy , the floss hurts my gums , etc , etc. this disposable flosser is great for kids , who may not have the dexterity to load a non-disposable flosser , such as the " flossaide dental floss holder " , which i recommend for adults ( see my review ) . i have recommended this floss aid to my young patients over the years and i strongly recommend it to you as well . one still has to develop the habit of flossing daily , and this device aides in the mechanics of flossing , making it a breeze . get it and save your teeth ! jim " konedog " koeni
software pos 293.txt produc in good condition , easy to use . best price , comparing it whit other selling companies
software neg 409.txt be warned , this product does not support all advertised features on all phones . right out of the box i found it did not support 2 of our 4 cell phones . of the phones that it did support , the only sync features available were photo downloading and calendar sync . the ability to transfer other data such as movies , contacts and ring tones were not available for my particular phone . without all of the advertised features are available i consider this a complete waste of money
camera pos 562.txt this was a great addition to the " photography basket " i made my grandson for easter
dvd pos 589.txt i grew up with the original ds . i also saw the two " spin off " movies : " house of dark shadows " and " night of dark shadows . " needless to say i was extremely excited about the " revival , " and i was n't disappointed . i felt that dan curtis was actually able to improve upon the original , by tightening up the script and employing wonderful actors who fit like the proverbial glove . the original barnabus was played by jonathan frid who was a shakespearian trained actor and , ben cross is a member of the royal shakespearian theatre in london . i loved that the revival was able to be more overtly sexual , which as any fan of vampires must know is an essential element of the myth . and i must say this series lived up to my every expectation . dan curtis took the original and made it completely accessible to older viewers who have such fond memories of the 1963 soap opera . i looked forward to 3:30 every day after school . it 's too bad that the gulf war killed it . yes it did ! i was there . after the sunday , monday miniseries , that friday was to air the first " episode . " however it was pre-empted by coverage of the war . too , too bad . i taped it , but unfortunately the last few episodes were accidentally taped over . i am so glad to know that i can order it now in it 's magical entirety . i 'm ordering it right now ! thank you amazon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! if you are a fan of things that go bump in the night , you will love this series ! ! ! !
dvd pos 621.txt i thought this was an amazing movie . it hit close to home with me . i love jennie garth as she is an amazing actress . this movie was certainly one you could sit down with your family and watch without worrying about language or violence . this movie inspired me to buy more like it
music pos 794.txt pablo is definitely the babe ruth / moses of these pieces . however , tempo , cadence , clarity , consistency and emotional projection are much better here . starker is at least the michael jordan of the bach suites . -and compared to pablo ( i heard the naxos one ) the sound quality on this disc is the right hand of god . starker is the dog 's balls ; big ones , like a great dane .
music neg 344.txt although it kills me to write anything less than glowing about edwin mccain ( i think he 's probably the most talented singer / songwriter we 've seen in the last ten years ) , i just can not get into this album . like others have said , i too have every edwin album and have seen him in concert . i love everything he 's ever done... . but this album just does n't do it for me . and i know people will say.. . " give the album a chance " ..... or.. . " let edwin grow and move in new musical directions " . but.... . i 've listened to this album at least 10 times all the way through and it 's just not growing on me . it feels " flat " and just does n't feel edwin-ish ( if that makes any sense ) . even grammercy park hotel , which i saw him debut live and which is on his live dvd does n't feel the same on here... . just does n't have the feeling or soul . i would pick up austin sessions over this album any day . that is edwin doing what he does best . maybe he feels the pressure to write some " hits " so that he does n't have to spend two solid years on the road in the black pearl ( his tour bus ) ..... and who could blame him ? ? ? but this feels like he 's trying too hard . i soooooo hope he comes back with a better album next time , so i can rave about it , because although i gave this album 2 stars... . edwin , as a person / singer / performer / songwriter deserves 10 ! ! ! ! ! !
books pos 518.txt it 's an educational book to read . my child and i like reading it together
dvd pos 360.txt predator is arnold s best movie from the 80s , followed by the t1 and conan the barbarian on the third place . there is an exclusive edition to be released in 2007 / sept 1 / in uk that will have a replica of predator s head in mask , something simmilar to the alien deluxe head box quadrilogy edition , it will cost about usd200 , - . check it out on amazon.co.u
camera pos 833.txt this lens is fairly inexpensive and the reason for that is while it definitely lets you get really close and the image is definitely larger than without it , the fact is the fz7 and the fz30 macro settings are already so good that the image is perhaps 15% or so bigger than without it . if i can i 'll post a couple flower images to permit comparison with and without the lens . the camera i have is a fz7. because i want as large an image as possible of my focus i am very happy
software pos 978.txt poser user since version 3. poser continues to improve . more life-like , faster
music neg 41.txt i wanted to like brotherhood , for the simple reason that nearly every new order fan this side of the galaxy has dismissed it , usually with a faint whiff of snobbery ( or at least apathy ) . turns out they were right : brotherhood is half an album . most of its nine songs feel unfinished , as if the band wanted to cash in on the success of their 1985 smash low-life and did n't care about the end result . brotherhood is a rush job , plain and simple , but there are still glimmers of hope within this bare-bones effort . " as it is when it was " overcomes the album 's overall muddy production by dint of being mostly acoustic , and the melody is quite lovely . " all day long " , the emotional centerpiece of the album by default , is an intelligent ( if half-hearted ) protest against child abuse . while " angel dust " lacks a decent hook , its subtly danceable beat and effective synth noodlings will at least briefly hold your interest . and the toss-off " every little counts " has a charming sense of humor that is too often lacking in new order 's work . the most popular song on brotherhood is , of course , " bizarre love triangle " . so good it seems to belong to a different album entirely , " bizarre love triangle " is truly new order 's masterpiece . the solid beat , slick sequencer work , and gorgeous melody showcase the band at their best : catchy , danceable , and downright euphoric . ( imagine how well it would have fit on low-life . ) sadly , the rest of brotherhood is unremarkable . the album 's production neatly mixes rock with electronic flourishes , which has become new order 's signature sound , but the songwriting does n't measure up . buy the album if you 're a trainspotter , but casual new order fans would be better off picking up low-life or 1983 's power , corruption and lies . this one is just a footnote .
health neg 837.txt i read all the reviews & thought this would do the trick . my daughter does not like the results at all . it does not straighted her hair as it states . i wish i would have spent a little more $$ on a better one
camera pos 148.txt am very pleased with all aspects of the camera except one . i do not like that the viewfinder is no longer operational once you flip open the lcd screen . sometimes i like to verify my shot with both
music pos 345.txt i have seen phantom on stage twice and regularly listen to this cast recording . it is a different approach to the classic leroux novel ; one that is gentler and more romantic , but still intense and passionate . the lyrics and music are excellent . even if you are an alw / pto fan , do n't miss this production if it plays nearby .
books neg 605.txt this is not a good study guide for an employment law class . too basic and general . this may be good for a business owner wanting basic info about hiring / firing etc , but they would definitely still need to seek the advice of an attorney
health pos 630.txt what i wanted for christmas was something to turn my bath tub into a whirlpool , and my boyfriend bought this for me . the bubbles are no doubt amazing , they 're plenty strong even at the lowest setting . as for the massage part , i did n't use that too much - it just vibrates some , and the bubbles seemed to be more massaging than the vibrating massager . the only thing i did not really care for is that it was kind of difficult to keep on the tub floor . it has suction cups , but they did n't work too well - everytime i moved my feet or legs , it wanted to float to the top of the water . overall , i 'd say this is a pretty good gift ! i will definitely use it many more times
camera pos 742.txt i bought this as a gift for my mother and she absolutely loves it ! definitely a good buy
music neg 159.txt it was about time the spell kasey chambers originally cast on me wore off - i 'd become a huge fan of the captain and barricades & brickwalls , but there was all something a little nagging about even those two very good records . chambers , a unique betty boop squeak of a voice , was a lustrous presence in rootsy contexts , and the best moments of those records were snarky updates on an old form , but the worst moments were forgettable alt-country duldrums of patched together cliches . wayward angel , chambers ' third album , had some great songs on it , but its pop and country predictability overtook a good half of the album . carnival shows chambers at her weakest - sad girl anthems of generic empowerment about the rain , bad girl anthems of doin-wrong that sound about as risky as songs on the disney channel 's afternoon lineup . " light up a candle " fakes its slinkiness and turns dull , " surrender " adds a dido production of drum machines and computer bleeps that do n't mask the song 's epic ordinariness , ballads like " dangerous " limp along to their own generic lethargy . chambers is n't without charm - " sign on the door " and " i got you now " are impossible to not find fun - yet chambers worst instincts as a song writer threaten to take over even the good songs - " hard road , " a sad and moving movie-ready duet , borders on self-parody - lines like " there 's a heavy jacket / there 's a heavy load / there 's a weight on my shoulders / it 's a hard road " read like a laundry list of related lines from every sad and moving movie-ready song you 've ever heard
books pos 520.txt the working notes of this book are utterly staggering in their implication to ontology . what is being ? merleau answers in the manner of lao-tse , and alludes to something like a divine-feminine at the heart of wild perception . it was said by sartre in his autobiography & quot ; situations&quot ; that after merleau 's mother died who was like a & quot ; goddess&quot ; to him merleau returned began the project anew . what is intimated in the working notes is invaluable to the true student of philosophy and life . and in the end , merleau returns to the very object of his study . you can really feel this descent at the book nears its end . it is , however , an ascent of the entirety of the history of philosophy to a new level of comprehension . that i assure you
camera neg 672.txt not worth the money spent on it . after reviewing info on my new digital camera i followed suggestions to get the rechargeable batteries kit to save money on aa batteries . i did not need the camera case that came with this kit , and it really had too many pockets for my liking . the batteries did not hold a charge . i only got a few pictures taken before they went dead . if the spare set sat in the camera for a few days they too were dead . at least i got a full set of pictures taken on the duracell ones . i would much rather buy batteries and have them on hand then always be running back to the charger after a few shots . i have had no experience with rechargables before so i do not know if this is common . but i returned this item as a defect because for this amount of money you should get more then six pictures per charge
software pos 540.txt i think some of the reviewers here did not use the program more enough , am using it since version 2 till now as an illustrator this program ca n't be beated.. . gradient fill was so stupid to create in earlier versions of adobe illustrator u must create two objects then blend them together to form a gradient fill then you have to mask it within a path or the shape you are filling , one more thing the mask in corel " container " is a wonderful tool to have much better than the mask used in illustrator that sucks ( u have to see me pulling out my hear if i made i mistake using it ) do you want more i have a lot to mention . am using both program everyday know them very well and to be honest i do all the artwork in coreldraw then i export to illustrator for color separation and printing and that becuase the printers agancies in my country do n't know how to use corel so i have to ride the wave and finalize thing in illustrator . i do all detailed drawings precisely using the guidelines and grid ( first in available in corel ) creating layouts , realistic objects or models with shadings and shadowing as well with ease this software is so powerfull if you are a real artist you must get i
dvd neg 751.txt i will be honest i like dolph lundgren.........a look at his filmography you see b.movie classics such as " the punisher " , universal soldier " and " blackjack " dolph has been going trough a slump.........storm catcher and the startlingly routine jill the ripper and the awful minion ( aka fallen knight ) but with agent red dolph lundgren hits rock bottom . agent red first of all steals it 's music from predator 2......and it 's plot from counter measures , oh i 'm not finished yet . it steals footage from storm catcher ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the scene where jon penner steals the air craft while posing as dolph lundgren..........now penner is 5'11 dolph lundgren is 6'5 for goodness sake ! yet they try to pass it off as dolph lundgren as the soldier stealing the aircraft for part of a mission.....this scene made me wanna throw up but i hung in there.....it turns out more footage is stolen.......i swear i saw footage from iron eagle and iron eagle ii.......i saw footage from crimson tide and i saw footage from counter measures........what the heck was dolph thinking when he signed for this junk ? i have no idea . when i was a teen ( when showdown in little tokyo came out ) i thought dolph lundgren could n't sink lower then showdown in little tokyo , then when i saw the minion i was almost sure dolph could n't do worse........well i pray he ca n't do any worse because agent red is one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life..........this is coming from a guy who likes don the dragon wilson . bottomline:on agent red 's cover it says " once exposed you cannot survive " take this as a warning
health pos 30.txt out of the 3 flavors available , this one is the favorite of both my boys ( 4yrs and 7yrs ) . but no matter what flavor its a snack they both will eat and enjoy !
software pos 572.txt after looking at the other reviews , i was a bit puzzled . i have n't had any of the problems other folks mention . pdf converter professional 4 does n't do everything that programs costing five times as much money . but , who cares ? background colors in a business form ? why ? ? ? ? do n't buy a camry and say " gee.. . i liked my lexus better . " most of you are going to buy this program to do one - or both - of these two things : 1 ) convert pdf documents into completely editable word docs , excel worksheets , or one of dozens of other formats.. . 2 ) combine documents of various formats into a single pdf . picture a customer manual that consists of word , excel , solidworks , quicken , powerpoint and project documents . you want to put them all together in one document complete with table of contents , bookmarks and thumbnails . voila ! this is the proram for you ! and for these purposes , pdf 4 professional is superb . it is easy to use . we have several users , and not one has had to refer to a manual or on line support . to put pdf converter to the test , we recently scanned , then saved-as-a-pdf a crooked , not highly legible fax . we then converted it into a word document , and roughly 90% of it came through perfectly . amazing . highly recommended
software neg 902.txt this is the worst thing i have ever bought . i bought it because i am having some trouble in spanish in school . i bought it thinking that if i gave a english word it would give you the spanish word or vise versa . but all it does is give you the definition and does not give you the english word.so save your self 20 dollars and do n't buy thi
health neg 219.txt even though a set looked exactly like on a picture bare in mind that the box is about the size of a paperback , and it weighs about the same . all the bottles are realy tiny , they look like a one time use products , the once you receive for free with your purchase , and the brush quality is not what i expected from this company . if you are looking for a present you will feel rather embarassed to give it
music pos 917.txt when this album first came out , i felt jilted . but i recently had an oppertunity to listen to it for what it is and i think its a great album . make no mistake , if you 're a die-hard 80 's rocker , you 'll hate this album . the production is raw , and the songwriting is lean and mean as opposed to elaberate and detailed . but that does n't mean that the musicianship is lacking on this record . if you can keep an open mind , i think this ablum is one that you 'll love
books neg 252.txt this book is written from the viewpoint of a flaming socialist with the attitude that anything white or european or is overly valued in american history textbooks . loewen does have many valid points about what history textbooks omit , but the degree to which he is clearly slanted to the left is ludicrous . " lies my teacher told me " could have been an amazing book , but all it did was aggrivate me and motivate me to write a 23 page paper debunking half of what the author wrote , much to the dismay of my idiotic sociology professor . the only reason i did n't give the book 1 star is because the overall intent and effort put forth were good , but the book as a whole is just far too biased
health neg 116.txt it is a great disappointment with amazon when it pushed to sell a product , wes9006pc replacement inner blade and outer foil combination for pro curve linear shavers without indicating that they are not compatible with the panasonic es8162s pro curve elite convex wet / dry shaver i purchased . amazon displaced those two products next to each other as though if i made a purchase those products together i would save money . now i was forced to buy one more shaver that would be compatible with wes9006pc replacement .
books neg 381.txt i am an avid reader and could not make it through this book . his other books were so good . i could not have predicted what a disapointment this book would turn out to be . in applying some of the recommended techniques , my 11 year old daughter , emily , thought i lost my mind . thank goodness things are back to normal . we are both much healthier having now dispensed with the advice
health pos 442.txt i have loved dolce & gabanna light blue since it came out . i was so excited to find it at such a competitive price at amazon , and am certainly a satisfied customer ! the shipping was so fast , i was expecting to wait at least 2 weeks , and it was delivered ahead of schedle ! thanks so much
music pos 166.txt tim mcgraw does it again . it is a great album with some really great songs . a must have
software pos 263.txt definitely worth the money . for example , excel is a great program . it is pretty easy to use and not too hard to figure out . you can add up figures in a snap . this product provides a great service to companies because of the usefulness of this software .
health pos 161.txt this simple scale is light , easy to carry and store . i tested it thoroughly when it arrived against my older dial scale . it read the same weight , but actually with less flucuation when i shifted on it . i was careful to keep it on a flat surface.. . i had good luck on old hardwood floors , less luck on our old bumpy tile floors in the bathroom . it was very consistent on a level surface.. . i tested it several times in a row with the same reading , and various times throughout the day.. . nothing read unusually . i really like the form factor of this scale . it 's so small.. . not small spacewise , but just thin , light , with a nice solid place to plant your feet
health neg 895.txt do you want the real secret on how to grow your hair ? first , you need to have a healthy diet that includes plenty of vegetables and protein . protein ! then you have to keep your hair and scalp clean , trim your ends , and not use heating appliances all the time ! lastly , drink water ! that 's the secret ! you go on a hair care board and you 'll find people who swear by vivisical . they 'll show you before and after pictures and in the after picture it 's just the person with their head tilted all the back just to make it look like their hair grew 5 inches in 2 months ! do n't believe that nonsense ! if you buy viviscal , you 're a sucker ! you 're better off just taking a multi-vitamin
music pos 853.txt this is a great album . two of their biggest hits , " another one bites the dust , " and " crazy little thing called love , " are here . my favorites are " need your loving tonight , " and " prime jive . " most of the other songs are top notch , too . none of the later queen albums matched this one . definitely in the class of night at the opera , day at the races and news of the world
health neg 960.txt if i had saved the box i would have returned this product . the head has no pressure what so ever and the head does not screw onto the pipe spout straight so it is always crooked . and it wasnt just one shower i tried it one both of my showers and it was crooked on both pipes
music neg 281.txt i am a 23 yr old mother of a 2 1 / 2 yr old . not only are these children horrible singers , but there is a reason that most parents do n't let their children listen to the original songs.. . they teach them things they do n't need to know . i thought this would be a " kids " version that would get rid of that stuff when i let a child i was babysitting put the cd on.. . and was appalled at how much they talked about sex and other innappropriate things for children . they did n't take that out ! children are exposed to that every day in our world now , telling them it is " normal " and " ok " . parents have a big enough job to teach their children right and wrong with the way the world is today . it becomes a much harder job when you give them something that is for " kids " that teaches them that those things are " normal " . they assume if it is ok for a kids cd , it ca n't be that bad . i think this is horrible and would never spend a penny on it for a child ! some of the songs i like in the originial version and do listen to , and this cd has ruined them ! but when it comes to children who are too young to understand that it is just a song and does n't mean what they say is ok.. . i think it is the worst thing you could buy for your child
health neg 819.txt i bought this iron for my teen daughters - actually i bought it twice , since i did n't have much choice where i was shopping . both times it died . the first iron lasted about 6 months , and the second lasted 2 weeks ! just dies , no warning . my girls are begging me to buy them a decent straightener that is not a conair ! i am going to invest in a better one this time and am doing a lot of research
camera pos 866.txt i have had mine for over a year , i *love* this camera ! it is so easy to use , takes great pictures , is very easy to use and program etc.. . i love everything about this camera . ps : unlike the other poster , i have not had any battery problems at all
books neg 198.txt i picked up this volume because its title suggested that it would encourage hands-on science activities that are essential to good teaching and effective learning . unfortunately , i discovered on reading it that the author combines a deep antagonism for the scientific & quot ; establishment&quot ; with credulity for numerous fringe ideas . the first experiment that he suggests tests the hypothesis that your pet uses psychic powers to tell when you 'll be home for dinner ! sheldrake frequently presents anecdotes as & quot ; evidence&quot ; . the & quot ; do it yourself&quot ; promise of the title is broken for the reader who does n't intend to begin raising homing pidgeons or does n't happen to work in a laboratory capable of measuring the physical constants ( such as the speed of light ) to nine significant figures . far too few cautions about the pitfalls of psychic research are given ( in chapters about the feeling of being stared at , or & quot ; feeling&quot ; the touch of a severed limb ) . despite the nearly fatal flaws of the book , i liked a part of its message , that important science can still be done by amateurs . that 's about the only aspect of this book that is commendable
health pos 835.txt my husband was leaving more than 20 pairs of reading glasses everywhere and any where and could still never find a pair when he needed them....even to ead a menu ! these glasses are the answer to anyone who wears reading glasses . i bought them in all colors for him and even bought a pair work a friend who works with him ( he loves them as well and bought in more colors also ) . neither of them have lost a pair in all of these months . they also have started so many conversations . everyone who has asked about them has done the same and have bought in all colors . it takes a little adjusting and getting use to but everyone we know has never returned a pair . only reason they have returned was to order in more colors or to order for friends and loved ones ! these glasses are fantastic ! thanks for the great service
dvd pos 717.txt this is one of the best g3s . maybe even the best . i would have said that it was definitely the best if not for mr.malmsteen - the nicest thing one can say about the latter is that he knows his minor and major scales . but *i* do n't want to be nice . i want to be absolutely and unequivocally cruel when it comes to malmsteen . he knows alternate picking , i 'll give him that . but then , so do i - and a million others . he should n't be up there playing with vai and satriani solely because he can alternate pick faster than most ( not all ) people . and yet he is . he shows over and over again , in this show , that the only thing he can do with the guitar is shred and shred and shred some more . that 's all . one of the interesting things about this dvd is that one cannot really measure the time between two consecutive shredding runs that yngwie chooses to execute - it 's less than about a second . and this is an *average* figure . enough about yngwie , though he is the reason i 'm writing this review - satriani is absolutely amazing , as usual , with a brand new rendition of ' midnight ' and a nice solo at the end of ' starry night' . vai , though , steals the show . this coming from a guy who prefers satriani . but i ca n't help it - he is really that good . and better . ' i know you 're here ' ( which he plays on a triple neck jem ) contains at least seven new approaches to the same old things that you 're taught at guitar school . it is also the best song steve vai has ever written after ' fire garden suite' . ' juice ' and ' i 'm the hell outta here ' are also really really really good . overall , a great dvd , though you should probably skip the parts with yngwie in it
music neg 402.txt i like jennifer lopez , but i am not a fan of j.lo...let me explain . jennifer started her career in the mid 90s , did some promising work ( selena / out of sight / the cell / blood and wine / etc. ) , and a very well done debut album for an actor ( on the 6 ) . everything was genuinely promising . unfortunately , once " j.lo " was born ( circa 2001 ) , her endeavours got weak , too commercial for the sake of money , too fixed only to hype her up , not all that original nor different than anyone else , to truly stand out . " rebirth " is an example of that . when i heard get right for the first time , i loved it , i thought it was catchy . it harkened the days of on the 6..that sassy , groovy , r-n-b vibe she had . then i caught step into my world , the only real r-n-b track on the album and thought , i 'm feelin ' it , definitely a favorite to this day . the the rest came along ( 3-11 ) and i thought , sony & j.lo made this for the sake of money , due to her films doing poorly , hence she had time off to commit to recording a new album . i thought it was a very obviously fake attempt to compensate . i think she is a great performer , a very talented person , but i honestly do n't feel this album makes her an artist , merely a reworking of herself musically . i rank it 3rd in her album line.. . on the 6 ( 4 stars ) j.lo ( 3 stars ) rebirth ( 2 stars ) this is me...then ( 2 stars )
music pos 66.txt the sundays come out with a cd once a decade , thus putting me in constant cravings for new material . though camera obscura is very original and very much their own band , they satisfy the cravings that only harriet wheeler could touch . truly vast and intimate at the same time , and a voice that speaks to something very deep , sad and lovely inside you
music neg 883.txt this album had two good songs at the most . ralph was good with new edition . it 's apparently obvious that he ca n't stand alone . bobby should have been the lead for new edition . then we may never have seen this terrible album . ralph is n't that good of a singer . this shows that just because your the lead singer in a group does n't mean you are the best . ralph is miles behind bobby
camera neg 624.txt first off , many of these reviews address the actual use with this telescope....i cannot even comment on how well this telecope works because the two that were sent to me were broken ! i ordered well before christmas as a gift for my son...but to be his big gift from santa claus . my husband opened the telescope up late christmas eve to put it together and have it ready in front of the christmas tree and right away it was clear that this telescope was broken . the 2 mounting screws were bent , very bent . this puts you in quite a position when it needs to be up and ready for your child . after a whole lot of effort with amazon 's customer service ( from another country ! ) they sent a replacement...to the wrong address ! ! ( long story that i will not bore you with . ) when the 2nd telescope arrived my husband once again opens it up and guess what ? they same screws were again bent . the box on the outside was not damaged , but something is not working for them . i am so disapointed with them . this was the first time i had purchased something this big from amazon . i have mainly done music and movies , small stuff . after this experience i will no longer buy a big ticket item that would have the possibility of damage . it 's just not worth the headache and problems , not to mention disapointment , to my son . i would proceed with caution when ordering this item from amazon . if you get a broken one...you just might be receiving the 2 i have had to return
music pos 515.txt do i mean the best album or the best singer ? you are correct if you said both ! i saw kristin chenoweth on a pbs show " broadway 's best at the pops , " ( though it was not the first time i had heard her ) and decided to check out the offerings here . this is a collection of the kind of music and performances i love . she has a great range , a precise pitch , and a great style that is at the same time true to the music and to herself . in an era when singers try to outdo each other re-interpreting the composer 's original work , not usually with great success , she is a blessing
books pos 845.txt for those who endeavor to perfect fine art digital printmaking , this is the book to read . it is a & quot ; how to&quot ; and so much more . the book covers paper , ink , techniques , hand coloring and the practical application and intereaction of all of these variables . the book is cogently written and elegantly displayed . it is a must for anyone 's library who wishes to expand their horizons in the digital printing arena . ms. airey is a master of her craft and it shows
camera pos 450.txt great little package ! small , compact , fits easily in your pocket . took them to giants stadium to use from my end zone seat . able to see action very clearly in the opposite end of the field . easy focus for my bad eyes
dvd neg 228.txt this was one of the worst group performances i have ever seen ! unbelievable that disney has financed this " hack act " . and the tread has only started with other weak talented groups coming out of disney . save your money for a better movie
camera neg 248.txt i bought a 743 for the wife for christmas . i had a 6330 that i was very happy with . so a 743 should be better right ? every time that she went to use it the batteries were dead . we finally figured out that a new set would go dead in two days without ever turning it on ! after several e mails they told me to call service . i got someone in india that could not understand me and i had a really hard time figuring out what he was saying . they made it very dificult to get it sent in . i sent it in today , but i do not expect much from the example that their service has done so far . i hope it comes back at least .
health pos 399.txt we keep this in our kitchen and sanitize dropped baby toys and pacifiers as needed . it takes a 30 minute cycle , and you just put things in and walk away . it has n't damaged anything vs. sanitizing in the washing machine - and i do n't have to worry about any chemical residue from spray sanitizers . we 've even started to use it on more things around the house like toothbrushes , etc. to periodically clean them . i think it 's great
dvd neg 999.txt some scenes are repeated from the first . it is not that bad thats all i can say . i think i over rated it with 2 stars too many
dvd neg 240.txt the little rascals collection is a set of 5 dvds with a few shorts on each dvd , the fifth disk with an extra from the 50s and a documentary about child stars . this set was poorly put together , the shorts included are quite random , and buying this set would be a waste of money . each disk opens with a montage of some of the characters . first there is alfalfa , then buckwheat , spanky , darla , porky , mickey , stymie , then fatty - oh wait , no that is joe cobb only they did n't know his real name , then farina , and last phil macmahon - who you may be asking ? phil macmahon , the kid who got bitten by the love bug in a song number in our gang follies of 1938. still do n't know him ? maybe that is because he was n't a regular cast member and should never have been featured like he was in this collection . disk one features the shorts dogs of war and derby day . dogs of war is a silent film featuring the gang running loose on the hal roach lot ; it is one of my favorite shorts from the series . however , it seems that they ripped off the cabin fever print and added a worse score . derby day also seems to be lifted from the cabin fever series . it is a silent film about the gang visiting the horse races . the films themselves are very good . disk two features a rarer silent film called stage fright . it is a film about a show put on about marc anthony by the kids in front of their parents . it is a total disaster . just like in reunion in rhythm , one kid wants to go out on stage and recite poetry . the film has been seriously cut ; there are no opening credits and the short is much shorter than the usual film length . the print is washed out and new title cards have been inserted . the music is much more childish than normal silent rascals scores , but it works . there are sound effects too . sundown limited is a great short about the gang building their own train . it is a very cute film ; farina is especially funny in it . the train that the kids build would have been the envy of all the children in the neighborhood . the print is washed out and the music sounds just like grapevine video 's soundtracks . the film titled the pirates in this set is really called the buccaneers . it is also a cute film about the kids trying to build their own ship . when it sinks , they find a real one to destroy . this short has also been cut ; there is no opener for it either . it is a bad print and has kiddie music attached to it . disk three opens with mary queen of tots . it is a really enjoyable film where mary receives toys that look like the gang . she dreams they come to life , and when she wakes up , she finds the gang and believes they are her dolls come to life . this print is really bad especially considering there is a better print available on another cheaply made dvd set . it is funny that the music is the same on this set as on that one though . the fourth alarm is a film about the kids becoming junior fire fighters . the print on this one is not bad at all . the last film is school 's out , a talkie featuring a different cast . it is a film featuring miss crabtree , the new teacher . the picture is good ; it seems to be the one from cabin fever . disk four begins with bear shooters . this is a less than great film . the print is great ; it is the one from cabin fever . our gang follies of 1938 is a great film , very funny , long , and exciting . it features the later talkie cast . waldo 's last stand is a film from the later mgm years , a lesser film that seems forced . it was also released in a 5 part rascals set . disk five is the extra features dvd . it starts out with a segment from the you asked for it television show . on it , some of the silent gang are reunited . joe cobb , jackie condon , farina hoskins , johnny downs , and mickey daniels are featured . the documentary called kid stuff really does n't have a whole lot of information about the gang although jackie cooper is mentioned and butch bond does an interview . other child stars like jackie coogan , judy garland , shirley temple , roddy mcdowall , and ron howard are focused on as well . the films in this collection are films that have lapsed into the public domain . many of them have been available cheaply for years . the only reason a fan might want to see this collection , the same reason i bothered , was to see the rarer silent films . however , the rest of the set is trash
books neg 793.txt if you want the why and the wherefore ... stay away . informative to general audiences , it provides little scientific support for its contention . with the wealth of information out there , this was not the critical review needed , nor was it terribly informative about any particular statin-caused effect
health neg 919.txt mercury contamination is a very big deal especially if you are going to take a product " for life " , are pregnant or a child . many fish oil products have mercury contamination and are not filtered . is this product mercury free ? ? so far the only product that was certified mercury free was available from my medical doctor by a prescription .
music neg 917.txt there is at times , a fine line between noise and music . nin not only crossed that line in this cd , but stomped on it a few times in the process . not even close to the calibre of with teeth , this cd is a waste of time and an insult to the talent that resides within this group of musicians . songs that go from semi-music to irritating noise and last four times as long as one can abide , while " playing " the same thing over and over and ...well , you get my drift . if great music is your thing , pass this one up . or write me a note and tell me why on earth such a great group would release such an abomination
music neg 820.txt i wrote a review but i guess it was so bad for ultramagnetic , amazon booted it . the album is trash . nothing at all like the 3 studio albums made over a decade ago . but do n't take my word for it , sample for yourself . ahead of their time ? faith no more . what can i say about this album without my review getting kicked off amazon again ? i 've used no profanity or content of explicit nature but this album highly does . 1988 's critical beatdown never , ever gave that kind of deliverance . that 's why that 's a classic and the best kept secret is not , by any means ( vocally , production , lyrically , concept ) . can i get a witness ? please ? dj moe luv is the only producer on the album trying to keep that old ultramagnetic sound alive here on " vibrato " and " mechanism nice ( born twice ) " the album 's 1st single . ced-gee kills the album verbally and lyrically bragging of 16 bars in almsot every track and being very explicit and obscene ( never heard that on critical beatdown by ced ) . kool keith does fine on solo track " late nite rumble " but kool keith is goin ' nowhere with his lyricism and on most of the other songs , his delivery is sounding just like ced 's towards the end of the album . t.r. love ? m.i.a. you see him in photos , you hear silence from him , he does n't even produce a track . production by ced , moe and 2 others and the other 2 sound like kutmasta kurt producing ( producer for most of kool keith solo stuff ) . i do not mean that in a good way . the beats of " nottz " is bangin ' , the lyrics by both keith and ced should raise eyebrows on what 's next to come for the best kept secret being the b-side to the 1st single " mechanism nice ( born twice ) " . songs like " ai n't it good 2 u " ( 2007 ) and " party started " are for gentleman 's clubs for the girls to dance to . now do you see what direction this album is goin ' ? if you 're lookin ' for ultramagnetic to comback with a reunion album with the same spacey super dope production and / or the masterful , brainiac , monkey wrench lyricism as critical beatdown ; funk your head up and the four horsemen albums gave you over a decade ago , you will not find it here . maybe in the next 14 years . right ultramag
books pos 78.txt the new age herbalist is a great book . it has a ton of different herbs and tells the uses of each one . they also warm you about anything dangerous about all of the plants . very useful book perfect for anyone from beginner to advanced herbalist . i use this book all of the time
health pos 900.txt i used aveeno moisturizer and thought i would try something new . i have eczema on my face ( around my eyes , nose and mouth ) in the winter and have no signs of it after a few days . my skin is very sensitive , and have experienced burning with other products , but not this one . i sinks in quickly and is not greasy feeling or heavy , yet strong enough to tackle dry skin . i highly recommend it
music pos 845.txt the previous review has a few inaccuracies i thought i 'd correct . first off , the beats on all of atmosphere 's albums , including this one , are produced and created by ant , not dj abilities . ant does not perform live , and so slug often used to perform with dj abilities ( and others ) . this may change in the next album as atmosphere now includes a band soon to tour , but it 's extermely likely ant will be included in the production . slug has never been 1 / 3 of atmosphere , he has and always will be the main driving force and only consistent member of the group . even when spawn was a member of atmosphere , slug was still clearly the leader and brains beyond the operation , as evidenced by the tracks on overcast ! , all of which were dominated by slug . yes , this album is quite different from the newer stuff , and represents a critical moment in atmosphere 's evolution . of course , anyone can listen to it . even those silly " fan boys . " it 's a ridiculous notion to suggest that because something has changed , people wo n't like earlier incantations of the same group . it 's that elitist old school b.s. and it 's annoying . some may not like it , but most hip-hop fans will probably enjoy it . what makes this album so interesting is how raw it is , and , as slug says in the liner notes , how it 's representative of his transformation as an mc . recorded between overcast ! and lucy ford , you can witness slug move from being a whitty , well-versed thug to something deeper and more innovative . both elements are present . " the abusing of the rib " is one of the more evolved tracks on the album , while " @ it again " is about sleeping with all sorts of girls in the twin cities , including yours of course . note that i say " evolved " not in the sense that one song is better than another , but rather more representative of slug 's later work ( lucy ford ) . this album represents a critical moment in the history of what i believe is the best hip hop group ( individual ) out there . while it does n't have the catchiest melodies ( the beats are great , just not catchy ) , it has some amazing rhymes and showcases slug 's ability to flow quickly and rap prolifically . check it out
music pos 615.txt its a pretty good mix , good song choices , its mostly a harder mix , thought it could be smoother flowing though , but all in all its pretty good , also thought the robot walk to the party deal woulda made a better begining , it was a lot of down time during the middle of the cd , but hey people gotta switch it up now and then , like the last 3 / 4s better.. .
software pos 901.txt this software was easy to install . the terms and conditions of use are very clearly stated . i found the choice of difficulty levels greatly enhanced the product and challenged me . the puzzles are fun and the techniques required to play are easily understood . my one wish is that there were more varied games included... . but it is a lot of fun and is definitley challenging. .
dvd neg 185.txt season 1 of veronica mars took me by surprise , and i really enjoyed the ride . the second season , however , does n't live up to the quality of the first . instead of one large mystery , in season two viewers are treated to several smaller mysteries to solve . there 's nothing wrong with that approach , but it seemed that as fast as one mystery skien got solved , another would pop right up without any resolution for the first . many episodes ended with my friends and i turning to one another and asking , " is that it ? where 's the rest of it ? " this happened quite a bunch , with the child abuse investigation episode as perhaps the most jarring . are we really supposed to believe someone as determined as veronica would just pick up and call it quits because she gets a weird slap on the wrist ? that 's totally out of character , yet we never see that family , the abused girl , or hear about the incident again . that type of confusion and weird plot points kept popping up . the " major " villain of the season comes out of left field to be the murderer , and his motivation for murder ends up being really weak and unbelievable . because of the all the loose ends , go-nowhere plots , and the surprise villain who was probably a surprise to the writers up until deadline , i 'm giving season 2 a 2 star rating . season 2 of veronica mars still has some funny dialogue , and some clever episodes , but it does n't deserve all the 4 and 5 star reviews i 've seen . i 'll continue to watch , however , as veronica mars has a lot of promise . hopefully the producers can get things in gear for season 3
books neg 618.txt i must have missed something about this book . i ca n't believe that minority report and total recall , two movies that i did enjoy , came from this author . the stories seem to be missing something . perhaps , this version should not have been the first works by this author for me to have read
camera pos 769.txt the charger really did what it was supposed to do . i have an li-10b , so i was still some what worried that it was n't going to do the job , but it did . i also liked that it was small so you can travel with it anywhere .
camera pos 502.txt this digital photo frame has reasonably good picture quality and once set up , can be used by anyone in the selected mode . i have it set for slide presentation mode and people enjoy looking at it . i could easily see giving it , already set up , to people who are not computer savvy , such as grandparents . to give them new pictures , send a new card and they slip that in . that said , the cost is still fairly high and the buttons on the top of the frame useless unless you have them memorized or really good vision . i would recommend this product
health pos 788.txt nv diet pills are working great for me - i lost 8lbs in a month ! ! ! they work as long as you eat healthy and exercise regularly while taking the pills . it is n't a miracle pill so if you take it but eat nonstop all day and do n't work out , of course nothing is going to happen . they really do control hunger because i take 2 a day and one day i was busy and forgot to take my 2nd pill and i was starving looking to eat anything and everything in sight
books neg 774.txt the book reads like a shallow , way too long magasine article . the shop seems to specialize in self help books , so there 's hardly a literary feel to it . the style too is annoying . for example , she writes that " her dad was n't big on books " . i would have expected a slightly " bigger " vocabulary then that
books pos 916.txt jesse , 15 lives in harlem , new york city . he is the only child of a bright couple and his best friend , rise is one of his biggest influences . jesse and rise grew up together . when rise , 17 turns to crime and joins the counts , a local street gang and insists on bringing jesse in with him along with their friend c.j. , jesse starts to reassess their friendship . he sadly realizes that he and rise are traveling down different streets ; the drive-by shooting of their friend bobby , 14 has left the neighborhood shaken . c.j. , a musical prodigy who plays piano in their church also has his sights set on a different path . it is c.j. and jesse , a budding young artist who is quite talented at drawing who realize they have more in common with each other . rise and the counts are in for a count-down ; sadly , drive-bys claim more casualties . the counts were described as being on the tame end of street gangs ; a warring faction called the diablos were responsible for shooting a friend ; killing a cabbie and later , some members of the counts . sidney , a kind and fair police officer takes the boys under his wing . he is respected in the neighborhood and word on the street was that he was a fair man , which he was . when mason , 19 an older member of the counts was busted for homicide , it was sidney who took rise and jesse to the jail ( " iron city " ) to see the fate in store for their former friend . more problems crop up in the neighborhood ; rise , seeing a chance to leave harlem wants to call jesse and the counts together for a final goodbye . sadly , that goodbye really was the end . this is an excellent book that reflects the city and street culture well . the characters are fresh , cutting edge , serious and believable . the drawings were excellent and a bonus to this book . jesse , an aspiring cartoonist created two west indian charcters , a wise man and a bird . the bird was a metaphor for jesse and it is through this avian character that he asks questions in his drawings that wise answers . myers has written many excellent books , but i think he really outdid himself with this one
dvd pos 378.txt truly frightening , gruesome , a gore-fest , a bloodbath , and it has a plot.. . really , there are a lot of clich expressions to describe this movie but they 're all true : it 's a horror movie in the true sense of the word . i had n't seen a rob zombie movie before this one , but i would have to say , after seeing it , that it 's got to be his masterpiece . i do n't see how he could top it . " house of 1000 corpses " is not a movie that people who do n't like the genre should be watching . i do n't think they 'd be able to stomach it . it 's a downward spiral of evil , depredation , degradation and mayhem out of an imagination that must be really sick ( but awesome ) . the sense of humor in the movie actually does n't spoil it , it just makes it better , it 's so malicious . the atmosphere , the acting , the special effects and makeup , everything contributes to an hour-and-a-half long ride through a freak show that should n't be missed by true horror-movie buffs . buy it , rent it , whatever . if you love being scared , you 'll love this movie . it delivers !
camera pos 772.txt i bought this camera for my girlfriend and she loves it . it has all the basic functions her older coolpix had abut more and they 're a bit more user friendly . pros : compact and easy to hold . i 've had a few other point and shoots and they feel like they are going to jump out of my hand . this one feels pretty good . cons : before buying i read the reviews and a few were stating that the focus was not everything it should be . i will agree . that is the cameras only real big down fall . though my girlfriend may not notice it so much , to me it 's a little more aparant . for the most part , overall i really like this little guy. .
books pos 170.txt i really enjoyed this book . i found it in a bookstore one day and read it for pleasure slowly . i am a theory student ( now ) so i wanted to see a lot more math , but aside from that shortcoming ( which some might welcome ) it was just a fantastic description of fluid motion and derivations of the governing equations on a simple level .
health pos 515.txt i have had other bath pillows that slid around or just were not comfortable , either itchy or not supportive at all . this pillow is just right , and nice and soft , and has n't gotten exceptionally dirty or moldy , which i was worried about
software neg 884.txt do n't be fooled by the box saying how many they 've sold anyone who knows anything about software knows you cannot return an opened software box so sold means nothing . this software in unimpressive , i bought it because i needed to do my wedding invitation and i liked the description thinking i could use it for may other things as well . well i ended up using word for my invitations , yes word , why because word actually did everything i wanted that this program said it would do but did n't ! i spent hours trying to use it 's " simple " templates to no avail they would not print correctly or in the size they claimed to be . in the end i am out the money i spent and pretty mad about it
music neg 557.txt van dyke parks did the arrangements on sam phillips 's debut ' the indescribable wow ' , an album i love so much i thought i 'd give ' song cycle ' a shot . what a feeerocious disappointment ! i 'd give it zero stars if i could , but amazon would n't let me ! my god , that singing voice of his reminds me of david bowie.. . " the laughing gnome " bowie , that is.. . i 've seen the word " coy " pop up in a lot of reviews to describe his singing , er , style , but i 'll go them all one better.. . " smug " . all i hear in it is " ooh , i 'm so smart . what a clever lad am i . " the arrangements or orchestrations , or whatever you call them are all pointless . it gives me the feeling that van 's dad bought him an orchestra and said , " here , son , have fun . " so young van did.. . without ever really learning how to use it properly . randy newman knows how to use an orchestra ; check out his best album ' sail away' . the arrangements are tasteful and , key word here , spare . he never clubs us over the head with them . the lyrics , if we can call them such , have no attachment whatsoever to the music... . but then again since i wrote that the arrangments are pointless i guess it 's to be expected . so , what we have is a trifecta of awfulness : bad voice , bad lyrics , and bad music . however , he did make ' song cycle ' in 1968 and worked on ' the indescribable wow ' in 1988... so he did learn a thing or two in 20 years , namely that arrangements are not songs ; they 're used to highlight a certain verse or chorus the singer really wants to put across to the listener.. . maybe randy pulled him aside once to tell him that.. .
camera pos 327.txt i had a chance to compare it with a tokina glass . canon is better on a contrast and better on a distortion , same or even slightly worse on a sharpness , and complete looser on a build quality . if you are ok with 12mm - get tokina
software pos 680.txt i have been using printmaster platinun for several years and love it . i scrapbook constantly using all of the features . i have printed thousands of items with this program . if people have problems with the program it is because it uses alot of memory and the problem is their computer . i have gotten rid of 10 scrapbook , photo programs and only use printmaster . there is no better program . ann
camera pos 395.txt i was n't sure if it would be worth spending the money on this case . how wrong i was . if you 're into diving and have one of these cameras , buy it now
books pos 692.txt this is not the book to learn the basics of vbscript , but it 's exactly what i needed ; a good reference book . i got tired of trying to find syntax of commands and functions online . now i have it at my fingertips
music pos 766.txt engelbert humperdinck ` s name has remained for almost five decades in the great musical stages . in spain there is a term that fits so well to describe his magnetism : duende . he shone with radiant intensity in the age of the great crooners , the most difficult , indeed : frankie , tony bennet , andy williams , dean martin , matt monroe , bobby vinton , booby goldsboro , glenn campbell , o.c. smith , otis reading , pat boone , kenny rogers , paul anka and neil diamond ( from time to time ) among the most remarkable ones . his peculiar style has deserved him the best acknowledgments all over the world . his multifacetic repertoire and elegant voice confers him presence and conviction every time he appears on stage . his name is now a legend . go for this admirable collection , you will enjoy it over and over
health pos 565.txt casein is a great , long-lasting protein , perfect for right before bed as its aminos are release more slowly than whey . casein , in general , is bland ( think no fat , no salt , cottage cheese ) , and harder to mix than whey . optimum nutrition has here a decent casein , that is not too bad tasting and mixes better than most every other casein i 've tried . the price is ok , but i 'd like to see it cheaper ( who would n't ? ) . i mix it with whey and use it throughout the day . i have tried and rejected the chocolate flavor
camera pos 73.txt many great things have already been said about this lens , and i will support them ! my copy delivers outstanding sharpness ( nearly on par with my 24-70l ) even *wide open* ( rare for a wide angle of all but the finest german manufacturers ) , great color , very little distortion ( many objective tests have revealed that it 's probably the " best of breed " ultra wide angle ) , and impressive contrast . surprisingly , the build quality is not bad : tight fitting mount , damped rings , and no jiggles or rattles . if i were forced to offer a ( slight ) negative , it would be the bokeh of the lens is somewhat " marbly " ...however , when shooting a subject with an oof area differential high enough to make bokeh a component of the frame , then the subject is likely going to demand far more attention than the bokeh ! ; ) a fine lens , canon : definitely worth the premium over the sigma and tokina rivals ( both of which i sampled before purchasing this optic )
software neg 746.txt i got norton ghost with my new dell pc , so i thought i would use it for backups to an external usb drive . after about 6 months of ' trying ' to use it , i finally gave up and uninstalled it . reason , most of the backups somehow get corrupted and the software seems to have trouble working with it . twice i removed all the partial backups and started from scratch , but again after a few weeks the backup agent would hang while doing an incremental backup . now , the software is good for making a complete clone of the hard disk or restoring system from an image , but it does not seem to work well with incremental backups
health pos 164.txt i bought this for my boyfriend and he uses it for his facial hair and to shave his head . its very easy to clean and does a great job
health neg 28.txt why are you paying such good money for a no-calorie water ? ! how many calories does water have to begin with ? ! it would be interesting to see what the placebo was that they used in the double blind trial ( ? a cheeseburger ? ) . please do not buy this . fill a bottle up at home and squeeze a bit of lemon juice in if you have to... . no calories ! give the money that you would have spend to charity . the makers of this water are thieves and con artists
dvd pos 295.txt well.. . it 's a great inteligent comedy , which makes enjoy to everyone who whatches it . i 'm form spain and i bought the other three seasons in france . i 'll buy it from amazon , but i would like to know if in england the other seasons offered subtitles in spanish . thanks
software pos 310.txt ok , it is big ( 4 cdrs ) . and a full install will require over 2.35 gb . but it loads quickly and offers nice greeting card variety along with pretty sophisticated card customization options on all pages of the card . as in previous years , it also installs event planner . if you do n't want to use event planner you can stop it from starting with windows by going to start / all programs / startup group and deleting the entry for event planner from the startup group but if you do n't have a similar program , you might find event planner to be useful . i found setting up this program for my auto-duplexing ricoh color laser printer easy enough to do , so setting it up for other printers will likely be pretty easy also . the quality of the printed cards is really astounding , even my normally " picky " wife thinks they look very nice and acceptable for any use . i suppose your results could depend on your printer but if your printer currently prints nice graphics and pictures , then the cards should turn out very nice . i recommend using heavy card stock for a professional looking final product . cards that default to printing out in the 1 / 4 sheet size ( four fold ) format can easily be printed at 1 / 2 fold size and the graphics and text remain outstanding . i never experimented with the " partial install " that would require disk swapping but save hd space , so i cannot if that would be a nuisance or not . overall , there is nothing i 've found about the program that i do n't like .
software pos 876.txt this sw is fantastic . having the on-line access made this product perfect , without ionline access this product would only be a storage device for family history that you already know . i was able to get info on my family back to the 1800 's in a matter of days since other relatives did all the research ( relatives i do n't even know ) .
books pos 879.txt the author gave many thorough and enlightening illustrations on how communication breaks down & amp ; what to look out for . after reading & amp ; self-examination , one could identify the areas for improvement & amp ; learn from the methods prescribed . the first part identifies the types of relationships within the family . the second on developing god-honouring relationships , dwelling mainly on the subject of communication . i was very much enlightened by the types of circuit jammers within the family . part three expounds on sustaining godly family relationships . it explains why families fight & amp ; how to turn discord to concord . i am very much encouraged & amp ; edified from the reading of this book
camera neg 418.txt loved this camera the first month or so that i owned it . two years later my feelings are very different . batteries need to be recharged constantly . camera rarely turns on after being off it 's dock for more than an hour . all i can get is a flashing red light signifying that the batteries are dying . zoom is worthless , pictures turn out very blurry and pixelated . flash is also way too bright , half of my pictures are annoyingly " white " looking because of this . definitely going with canon on my next purchase
books neg 425.txt cruel , horrible story with a typical barr convoluted plot . the abuse of children , evil ranger poising as a dead ranger , freaky religious sect , dead animals on the bed , and lost children were all too disturbing and disgusting to me . i 've read many barr books , and my biggest complaint up until now has been that sometimes there are so many characters , it 's hard to keep them straight . in this book , that was the last of my worries . i did n't even finish it , i was so turned off
camera pos 444.txt after buying this camera i was pleased for the most part , as the interface is extremely simple and the picture quality is very good . it 's a sleek , smooth design with minimal buttons , thus little confusion . there are 3 things , however , that i 'm not happy with . one is that it takes double a batteries , and eats them up really fast . the second thing is that there 's no secondary viewfinder , just the lcd screen . the lcd screen is large , which is great. . but this is why the battery life is so low . you ca n't turn the lcd screen off , so batteries go fast . the third and final thing i dislike about it is that there 's no ac adaptor , so whenever you plug your camera into the computer or the tv , not using it to take pictures , you have to run it on batteries . that is , unless you somehow find a compatible 3 volt ac plug , which is neither on the vivitar website , or anywhere else online that i can find made specifically for this camera . i 'm a little upset that it came with no adapter , as that would be so useful for a camera that eats up batteries . i reccomend rechargibles if you 're going to get this camera
camera neg 512.txt we bought this camera two years ago . we have loved using it , until last week . the camera showed an " e18 " error in the middle of a special event . we researched the error online and found that almost anything can cause this error , from turning the camera off while it has a low battery to having something in front of the lens while turning it on . we 're not sure how ours developed the e18 ( never dropped or damaged . ) our camera has been rendered useless and canon 's only response it to have us mail it in for $100 repair
books pos 768.txt this book provides a good and clear overview of the subject of mysql . this is a thick book that covers a lot of material . the last chapters even provided introductions to application development with c , perl and php . mysql : the complete reference really seemed like an actual complete reference . while it may not go to deep into every subject it does at least briefly cover each topic . most of the focus was on sql ( structured query language ) though . there were only a few minor issues with this book aside from minor grammatical errors . for one thing , you would occasionally have to modify the sample tables before you could even start the exercise . also , it would have been nice having more sample tables and data so i could follow along in more of the examples . frequently , my result set would n't quite match the one in the book . additionally , some of the command would n't even execute or would return an error message . lastly , the chapters on development were pretty useless unless you are already familiar with one of the languages . but , i believe many of the above problems where because of version differences and the fact that i was running mysql on windows . although windows instructions were given as well the book examples were still more oriented towards a unix installation . also , mysql would be several versions newer on my computer . i believe that made a difference on some of the results as well . and for windows administration its better just to use one of the suggested gui programs since many of the commands were difficult to run from the command prompt . so , i was n't quite able to follow along with all the examples for one reason or another . nevertheless , there were still plenty of quality examples i could follow along in . in addition , there was still a lot to learn from just reading through the material . overall , this book works well as a reference or for working the chapters in order . even though the book 's user level is n't indicated i believe it provides a fine introduction for a beginner .
books pos 299.txt trauma can occur for a wide variety of reasons . in my family across two generations there have been suicides , schitzophrenia , abandonment and childhood abuse . we are a , so called , ' normal ' middle class family . no family is immune from traumatic episodes . i found peter levine 's ideas insightful and helpful . his outline of the causes of medical trauma are particularly interesting . the chapters dealing with trauma in children help me consider avenues of assistance to help my grandchildren following the suicide of their mother . i would like to read levine 's subsequent book about childhood trauma
dvd neg 893.txt when i first got this disc the other day , it would not play at all . i installed the latest firmware update to my xbox360 hd drive , and it played . however , it does not play well at all . the video is constantly " dragging " or skipping . the audio is fine though . i ca n't really provide a review of the content since , so far , it is unwatchable . this is the only disc that has given me issues
camera pos 675.txt this is my third digital camera and by far my favorite . i purchased after having a very versatile but large ( well large in the dimensions of digital cameras ) digital camera . i needed and wanted a camera that i could easily carry w / me at all times . this is perfect . the fugi z1 fits easily into your pocket or a small case for easy access . just do n't put anything else in that pocket ! the one time i forget and did this i noticed a large scratch on the silver portion of the camera . as with all digital cameras this one takes much better pictures in good lighting . i have found , however , that this tiny camera has an excellent flash so i am still able to get good interior shots if i am willing to blind people ( or my cats ) for a few seconds . the camera comes w / a docking station that i have found very useless for uploading pictures but you have to use it to charge the camera . i tend to just use a usb cable direct to the computer or a really cheap usb card reader that i can attach directly to my computers usb port . i took this camera to japan and it was great . i only had one day where i ran out of battery power but that was my own fault . this is a highly recommended camera by me
health pos 366.txt this dryer works great but it gets pretty hot . watch your ears and fingertips
music neg 180.txt i would have to say that there is nothing whatsoever wrong with the band jet , but when you do n't have any particular characteristics to call your own , there 's nothing to complain about . of course , this means that there 's nothing to compliment , either..except maybe that they do an excellent job sounding a hell of a lot like too many other bands . people compliment them on bringing the ' old ' and adding the ' new.. . ' but i hear nothing new in their music . it 's just ordinary , clichd classic rock , except for some reason no one told them that the classic rock era was about 40 years ago . if i want to listen to classic rock , i want to hear it on the classic rock stations , not the modern rock stations . those are for the new songs , only . an indepth and entertaining review of this album can be found at the pitchfork media website...i ca n't post the link due to strict review guidelines .
music neg 428.txt i was anxious to hear an astounding modern yet retro dance disc from one of my favorite girl groups of the 80s . unfortunately , instead of picking up on the latest influence of 80s music in dance music , what we get here is predominantly disco flavored tracks that sound painfully dated , with some latin tones now and then . the only semi retro / electro tracks on here ( and my favorites ) are feel for you , love bite , your love is like a drug , and marc almond 's remix of venus . the two lead singles " move in my direction " and " look on the floor " are not even the strongest tracks ! and the remixes on their singles do n't make them much better . i appreciate the commercial direction the girls have taken , but you can still sound mainstream while being more sophisticated than this . take a listen to the new madonna or even the kelly osbourne ( ! ) to hear some infectious melodies with an 80s flair that do n't melt down into total cheese . unfortunately , i just do n't see us radio embracing any of the sounds on this disc . but of course , fans of bananarama should still add this one to their collection . it 's listenable , if not up to today 's standards
camera neg 727.txt i purchased this camera and took it to the beach . the photos were so bad , i threw them away . the images were all washed-out and blurry . also , the film advancing mechanism is very tricky , so several of the pictures i took overlapped each other . i 've used other disposable cameras before that would n't let you take a picture until the film had been fully advanced to the next frame . with this camera , i advanced the film until the mechanism stopped , and the camera allowed me to take another picture . unfortunately , the film had n't advanced fully and the next picture partially overlapped the previous picture that i had taken . what a waste of money this camera was ! thankfully , i had also taken my digital camera , so i still had some good pictures of my trip : )
music neg 288.txt he was at his best when he sang about the loneliness , perseverance and dreams of ordinary people . in " sandra " for instance it felt like he was singing about a neighbour . the combination of his warm voice with his piano could be very moving and was definitely unique . in the late eighties he started focusing on merely performing and doing cover versions . he released a few inspired tracks now and then , his first christmas album had a lot of charisma and warmth , and " here at the mayflower " was a sincere effort . he is an intelligent person who cares for music and does n't let his superstardom go to his head . so , what has changed ? and why this late in his career ? barry has reinvented himself as a las vegas entertainer , liberace style . and he 's released an album with unchallenging versions of evergreens . i have no doubt that he genuinely wants to make people happy , like liberace did . and i have deep respect for that . but i personally regret that clive davis and manilow have now decided to manufacture products for a larger audience - one that does n't really have any demands .
music pos 419.txt sony / legacy does a fine job with this compilation , but it could 've been much better imo ! ! here 's what i did to improve this cd ( fans can do the same thing ! ! there 's enough cd space available ! ) ... include the full length vesrion of ' encore ' ( the single mix has to go ! ) , and add the following rare bonus tracks.. . 16. ' at last you 're mine ' ( fr . 'heavenly bodies ' sdtk 1985 ) 17. ' steppin ' into the night ' ( fr . 'armed & dangerous ' sdtk 1986 ) . the single version of ' got to be real ' is fine because it includes cheryl 's trademark " soo-hoo , soo-hoo " vocal break that 's absent on the longer album version . all in all , i 'd recommend this cd to anybody that wants the best cheryl lynn compilation , but serious fans will want more ! ! ' the best of cheryl lynn , vol.2 ' has been long overdue for years , but you may have to make that one yourself until rhino does the job ! peace , sd ( of ' chaka 's world ' )
software neg 104.txt i was very disappointed with this program . but i was also thinking it would be more comprehensive and include more than just basic words and phrases . even so , the male and female guides in the program often pronounce the words slightly different which can be frustrating . i learned more icelandic ( along with correct pronounciations ) while in iceland than i did with this program . and besides , anyone under the age of 50 in iceland speaks english
dvd neg 832.txt ah.. . um.. . well , my brother picked this up not too long ago , and , well.. . it sucks ! it 's the worst of the whole series ! i thought it would have to do with the mask michael wears in the others , but not a ficken thing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i gave it two stars because i liked the killing scene in the hospital , but then i took one because of how bad the rest was. .
health pos 290.txt this is such a great product for nursing moms . it is not bulky and is reliable to keep leaks from happening . for a mom , this was a lifesaver for me to allow me to go outside without being embarassed by having a wet shirt
music pos 520.txt this is one of the truly great handel opera recordings of the last twenty years . as usual , nicholas mcgegan proves himself to be one of the two or three greatest handelian conductors of our time . the singing from beginning to end is first class . this opera is known for the famous largo " ombra mai fu , " but the music in this entire performance is a sheer delight
health pos 562.txt a good product , to be sure...i 've used seventh generation 's other laundry detergents and have been very pleased . this " review " is however a cautionary : while it states on amazon that each bottle cleans 40 loads , it is only rated for 18 loads . just a heads up ! [note : i tried to notify amazon about this but their system for corrections is inoperable at the moment . thus , this " review "
books neg 68.txt another parasite feeding off the leavings of much more substantial species . or perhaps a more apt ocean-related metaphor would be comparing malkin 's " work " to that of the brainless bivalves that cluster around sewer outflows , or the mindless jellyfish who flow with the ocean currents . but like the ocean , neo-cons ' writings should be taken with more than a grain of salt . by the way , the reviewer below who wants someone named mccracken reported to amazon . i 'm sure you can take it . instead , why do n't you campaign for a zero-star feature for reviews . or perhaps a fact-checking service for publishers of political vitriol like this work of fiction . i sure hope no public money has been spent on stuff like this
music pos 968.txt though i own alot of paul desmond recordings , this one as been in the cd changer for weeks now . there 's great , gentle interplay with jim hall , and a total sound that is most enjoyable . warm and round notes make this perfect evening music which i have found pleases most everyone
health neg 202.txt this device works " ok " . jet stream is moderate . noise is considerable . has a lot of attachments that really do n't do much . i 'm not sure what the brushes even do . the dual tank function is pretty good . but lack of pressure and too much noise outweigh the good part
camera pos 560.txt i have been using the fuji e550 for almnost two years , with none of the problems that have been reported by some of the reviewers . here are the negatives : 1 ) the flash has mediocre range and is a little finicky . if you do n't depress the shooting button all the way , it may not flash . 2 ) in bright light , the screen on the back is unusable - it washes out the image . but the camera has a fine viewfinder so this is not really a major issue . the positives : 1 ) it takes great pictures . really excellent . 2 ) it 's small , and easy to carry . 3 ) the controls are well thought out and positioned on the camera body . very easy to use . 4 ) it has several automatic modes - sports , landscapes , portrait , etc , or you can use it on manual . i always use one of the programmed modes . 5 ) the video option is not bad at all - my twelve year old ( now 13 ) uses it . i was so pleased with this camera i bought one for my administrative assistant about ten months ago , and she is very happy with it . at it 's current price i think this camera is a bargain . only reason i did n't give it five stars is because of the weak flash .
health neg 917.txt i bought this heating pad about a month ago and it did not get near as hot as i would like ! it is so hard to find a good heating pad now , but i would not reccomend this one
health neg 51.txt my husband purchased the pedometer with fm radio for me . i loved it and used it non-stop for about a week . after a week the battery case top fell off so i could not keep the batteries in . the fm radio worked only once - i thought i had a short in the headset . good idea but really did not perform / last for the money
camera pos 687.txt well , i 'm just amazed this model is still in production the way things are changing so quickly in the a / v world . i bought mine two years ago and have recorded many hours of my children as they are growing up . this is a truly low maintenance and low cost solution for your video recording needs if you do n't have a lot of money to spend on a digital set-up . just buy and extra after market battery or two ( and they 're cheap ) and some inexpensive analogue tape , and start recording away ! after you climb the learning curve , of course . my one problem with this camcorder is that the controls are anything but intuitive , and they 're splattered all over the unit . be sure to read the user manual carefully before you try to use this thing , but once you 've got it down you 'll find this a trusty and low cost companion for your family vacations and holidays . oh yeah , almost forgot , the microphones are n't stereo but they 're really quite good for an entry level unit
software neg 741.txt i 've installed and tested this for several clients . whether backing up to a local hd or over the network , the system has worked ; i install and come back a week later to do a test verify and restore , and it 's always worked . i did have trouble once ; windows froze up . this was probably due to poor programming combined with insufficient ram ; it worked the second time . i do n't get why a product with mostly single star ratings like this still gets 2.5 stars . annoying amazon ' feature ' ! since 60% of windows pcs are malware-infected , i 'm figuring most windows pc support issues are malware-induced .
health neg 536.txt after user #1 i was really impressed . my teeth were noticeably whiter- -almost gleaming . after use number two i noticed a bit more whitening but not as dramatic . on use # 3 i felt some discomfort after putting the trays in . after about 1 / 2 hour it was really starting to hurt and i thought something must be wrong so i took them out . my gums were bleached white ! i was really freaked out by this but for the most part it did subside after about 1 / 2 an hour . however , there was some lingering damage done that , while not severe , is annoying ( there is still a slight bit of bleeding ) . i have perfectly healthy gums so i was surprised by this...the third tray did some fairly serious damage to otherwise healthy gums . my advice , if it hurts at all that is not normal and you should take them out
health pos 698.txt this scale was easy to understand and measures the same as my doctors office . easy to monitor weight and fat
software pos 643.txt nero 6 is a wonderful product , but you need to get a legal copy of the full retail version , not an oem cd or a cd of questionable origin . at this time ( april 2006 ) the best place to get it is from the ahead software website ( the makers of nero ) . ( you can get a retail box of nero 7 just about anywhere , but nero 6.6 seems to be more stable and provides all the functionality most users will need . ) you can download a demo , then purchase a serial number to unlock the full product . it 's a smooth , easy transaction . after many headaches i discovered that the oem version that came with my dvd burner would allow me to capture video from my camcorder , but would n't let me burn them to dvds . my choice was to either buy a cd of questionable origin ( and one that is almost certifiably illegal ) on ebay , purchase a dvd burning plug-in from ahead software for $24.99 , or purchase the whole suite for $80.00. i chose the latter . using my installed oem version , i purchased the serial number , entered it into the product ( very easy to do ) , then downloaded the latest updates , and i was off and running . this software produces very high quality dvds and can burn a disk in 15 to 20 minutes using an inexpensive 16x nec dvd burner . i am now a happy consumer with a stack of dvds containing transferred videos of great quality
health pos 158.txt i love this . everyone can have their own data and we can track our own progress . it is very simple to use and the explanations are clear
health neg 340.txt after many disastrous leakage experiences with their smaller-size diapers , i decided to give huggies another try because i have a very active toddler , and these certainly did appear to be stretchy and comfortable . unfortunately , this comfort comes at the expense of utility . my daughter was no sooner running around in the first diaper out of the pack , when i saw the entire contents of her diaper coming out the sides and up her back . just like the smaller sizes , this version does not hold anything in ! ! !
dvd pos 336.txt this movie was the first dvd i ever bought ! it is truly a gem . i like the infinifilm bonus features . ( it may not have been called infinifilm at this time . ) brett ratner is truly a comedic genius , and really gives the customer great quality dvd's . the movie is funny and interesting enough . i enjoyed the scenes in several different locales . i enjoyed the physical interactions between jackie and chris tucker . i think the stunts were wonderfully orchestrated . jackie chan is a genius at physical comedy . i highly recommend this dvd . two thumbs up ! ! ! mc white said : check it out ! ! !
books pos 363.txt this book is loaded with the most recent medical findings and is organized as a referenced book , although i read it cover to cover .
health pos 440.txt i bought it for my daughter 's birthday . she says it hurts at first but really gets the kinks out . she is very pleased with it
music neg 270.txt [first of all : i only gave this one star because the rating does n't let you go any lower] i only listened to this album because someone who was utterly disgusted with it threw it on the floor and stomped on it , leaving me to pick it up . i proceeded to suffer through it so i could give you fair warning . if you buy this , consider yourself warned
software neg 695.txt i have moderate knowledge of computers , etc. and i found this overly complicated . this is not intended for the novice . however , even if you are not a novice it seems to still be a waste of money . i wish i had not bought it at all . perhaps it has secrets and treasures i am not aware of...but the directions are complicated and it would be by chance that you would ever discover them . save your money...this was a waste
books pos 788.txt this was an inspiring book for a horse lover and christian . everything was as advertised
health pos 514.txt this is my second norelco wet shaver . so , yes , i like the product . here 's my rundown : pluses : - good shave - less razor burn - lot easier to insert packets ( compared to my older model ) - easy to clean minuses : - hard to get that " patch " under your nose - have to switch out an add-on to get sideburns straight - battery / power seem to wane at times - packets are expensive i 'm a cheap sob , so here 's my way of stretching out the life of the packets . wet your face first with hot water , rinse your shaver with hot water and then squeeze out the lotion . do a first pass shave . rinse the shaver and do a second pass without the lotion with a wet face / shaver . keep a blade on-hand to get the under-the-nose patch and your sideburns . all-in-all doner likes
music neg 267.txt shannon lawson is capable of a much better album . i saw him down in nashville when he was with the galoots , and it was amazing ! if they were to put out a cd i 'm sure it would be one of my favorites . shannon has a voice and a talent for bluegrass music and that 's what nashville should have let him do on his first solo cd . instead they gave it this generic , overproduced sound , leaving shannon sound like everyone else . with the way bluegrass is selling these days , it 's a shame that shannon could n't showcase his enormous talent in the proper arena. .
software pos 479.txt i 've been using onenote since it was first released . the 2007 release is the most effective writing / note-taking / information-organizing tool i 've ever seen . data can be exchanged with other ms office programs easily . it can be used with tablet p.c.s , desktops and laptops . information can be organized by notebook , section and page ( great for students to keep their notes organized efficiently ) . it is a great way to keep research notes , cut-and-paste exerpts , etc. this is , quite possibly , the most useful piece of software on the market
music pos 953.txt top to bottom this album has it all - makes you laugh , makes you think , makes you want to dance . i ca n't wait till mainstream finally catches up and the music industry finally recognizes what a gift todd snider is and the talent he posseses . his music will inspire you to move something whether it 's your brain or your bottom ! check him out
books neg 320.txt while it 's certainly true that there will always be a gulf between reality and words , communication between reader and writer is nonetheless very real and potentially profound , thanks in no small part to empathy and the imagination . deconstructionism , by denying presence and instead proposing unlimited differences between signs , dismisses any connection between readers and writers and turns language into a hermetic system separated from the outside world which is , of course , inhabited by people who read and people who write . this is exactly what makes deconstructionism so empty and hypocritical : it rejects traditional metaphysics while adopting a pseudo-mystical position which regards language as some unstable and solipsistic alien creature independent of everything and everyone
camera pos 754.txt i made the decision to buy this camera based on the many very positive user reviews . it replaces a six year old 2.1 megapixel camera . i am not disappointed . amazon 's price is very good for a 7.1 megapixel camera with a boatload of features . it is also considerably lighter in weight than the older camera . later i read reviews by experts who give it only mediocre scores for picture quality . they criticize it for no image stabilization leading to blur ( especially at higher power zoom ) and " noise " at film speeds over 100 asa . i set up a couple of situations in which both problems should have been very apparent . then i enlarged smaller portions of the frames to print inexpensive 4 x 6 test photos . had i printed the full frame , the print would have been larger than an 8 x 10. i just do not see the problems the experts criticize . the colors are rich and vibrant . i really appreciate the wide range of controls . the user can choose a from a number of modes fitted to various situations . these result in a faster shutter speed , or more depth of field , or fill-in flash , etc. it is not necessary to memorize the tiny icons on the selector dial . an on-screen prompt tells you what each mode does . i also like the amount of control in the manual mode . the user can choose the asa rating , shutter speed , apeture opening , and electronic flash mode . the manual tells how to set the camera for special situations , like photographing documents . when you take the picture , the through the lens screen goes black for part of a second . you know the picture has been taken , unlike a camera with an optical finder . the camera is very intuitive for first time use . i also read most of the manual on-line while waiting for delivery and handled the camera several times in a local discount store . when i first installed the software i restarted the computer , but it repeatedly would not recognize the camera . i switched to another usb cord and it worked fine immediately . then it also began to work with the original usb cord . i had even checked for a loose connection . who knows what that was about ! one little thing to keep in mind is this . if the camera is set on continuous auto focus , you can aim and shoot . if it is set on one-time auto focus , you must press the shutter halfway down and wait for the green light before shooting , if you want sharp pictures . i do not know , but expect the difference is battery life . a 1 gb memory card can store 485 pictures at the 7.1 megapixel resolution
music neg 275.txt this album is pure crap ! just a marketing move to capitalize on the sales from straight outta cashville , until he can make a real new album , not this microwaved crapola . if you like buck , get straight outta cashville , an beg for mercy , than wait for his future release , with actual new tracks . i strongly advise you not to buy this . it is a total rip off . i wasted my time downloading this
dvd neg 27.txt psele una estrella como calificacin slo para poder respaldar a quienes ya han opinado , pues se trata de un bodrio de pelcula . yo , felizmente , slo la arrend ; de lo contrario , la prdida de dinero habra sido mucho mayor .
health pos 746.txt not a bad product . irritates the skin a little , but does remove your hair . the only things i do n't like is that the buffers wear out quickly and your hair grows back with in 2 weeks . it does a nice job of exfoliating the skin and is great for hard to reach places . not a bad product ; however , i hope someone soon comes up with something that can take hair away permanently or for a longer period of time . i would recommend this product
camera pos 214.txt now , this is n't the fastest card on the market . but it is a solid , reliable card . the camera itself is the bottle kneck , and typically not this card . however , if you are using a canon dslr of a recent flavor , i would check if it needs to be rma'd . a known quantity of these cards have proven to lose images . scary . however , i 've not experienced the mysterious loss of images with my card or rebel xt . i 've only ever pushed the cards speed limits with my pd70x , and definately not with my rebel xt
music pos 341.txt first of all bob dylan is certainly not for everyone . however , if his style is up your alley this is a classic . you can turn on the radio and hear all those classic songs of his like " lay lady lay " or " like a rolling stone " to name a couple . planet waves is the type of album where the sum of the songs come together wonderfully . this is probably my favorite dylan album and i have all the " classics " like blonde on blonde , blood on the tracks , highway 61 revisited . ect . i 'd recommend this to any dylan fan
camera pos 403.txt good camera for the $129 i paid . does everything pretty well , and your picture modes are pretty customizable . only qualm is it takes a second or two longer than i wish when the camera saves / loads pictures to the memory card . might be a problem when trying to shoot consecutive pictures- - but probably would n't be doing it with this type of camera anyways .
software pos 965.txt my only reccomendation would be a better user interface , it can be a bit confusing . the underlying functions work well though
software pos 448.txt i just bought this thru best buy - could have got a better deal thru amazon - oh well . this product is amazing and very user friendly . i really love the fact that it comes with its very own manual not a help guide you can print out yourself wasting all your paper . it does everything - the props are very realistic , the shapes & edges so cool . i have filled in very dark pictures using the watercolor feauture and made poor pictures look like works of art . not to mention that i can create my own photomontages , collages , & very unique artistic scrapbook pages . it took me an hour to scrapbook an amazing page including fixing up photos . i will never spend money on scrapbook pages again ! so much fun ! !
music pos 425.txt like louis jordan , his less well-known contemporary jump / jive artist , cab calloway fits into an area much beloved by americans who recall the boggie woogie era or simply love the jumpin bumpin scufflin shufflin sound of that pre-rock and roll music . though in truth i do love jordan more and think he was a truely protean genius who was the grandfather of r&amp ; b , calloway was the consumate showwman whose jive / jump music ca n't help but bring a smile to your lips and a lift to your heart
books neg 913.txt let 's make this clear.. . i wo n't put any more effort into writing this review than the author spent on the book itself . so this is going to be short and sweet ! this book is a glorified magazine . worth $14.95 - tops . the pitfalls of bookbuying online , i guess . you never know what you are going to get . anyways , most the book comprises photographs that actually discourage me from bothering with infrared . the text portion , however brief , is nothing more than a bland introduction to infrared . the uninitiated might even be led to believe that kodak and konica are the only game in town in infrared films . throughout the book the author treats these two as the & quot ; coke and pepsi&quot ; of infrared films . i 'm going to look elsewhere for a good source of info on this subject and suggest you do the same
music neg 382.txt i gave 2 star for this cd not because of the musical quality...but because the last song " goodnight my love " is cut short on this cd . after watching the live performance on cable , i rushed out to buy this cd , labeled by hybrid . only to find out my favorite song " goodnight my love " was cut short . on the cd , it ends with the sax doing a solo then fades away....which leaves the song dangling and unfinished ! ! ! on the video , this song ends with art singing " bring you closer to me " and the music slowly ends beautifully , correctly . there 's a version out which was released by sony in 2003. i do n't know if this version contains the full song . the hybrid label version is simply ridiculous ! ! ! how can you possibly end such a beautiful song short ! ! leaving it unfinished....and well....short and listeners wanting more ! ! ! if someone can verify if the sony conatins the full " goodnight my love " ...or tell me where i can get this verson , would really appreciate it
software pos 186.txt if you decide to buy a current greeting card program , there are really only two front-line choices : art explosion greeting card factory ( currently version 5 ) or hallmark card studio ( currently 2006 ) . there are other programs available specifically for creating cards , but most of them are low quality and outdated , and are n't really worth considering . ( a competitive third product featuring american greetings designs is sadly now long outdated ; the designs in the american greetings program were of similar quality to those in the hallmark package ) . so how do these two products match up ? without a question , if you are looking for quality " canned " cards , the hallmark program wins . the hallmark designs are professional , and are equal in quality to cards you would purchase in a store . in contrast , the designs in art explosion are adequate but surely not up to the quality of a store-bought card . the hallmark program is also able to simply and correctly print to several different types of card store ( although you are stuck with the choices pre-programmed into the software unless you want much frustration ) . the art explosion does a poorer job of correctly and simply printing to a variety of card stock and configurations . art explosion beats the hallmark program in editing options ( more extensive ) , and in the amount of additional art ( clipart , etc. ) included with the package . if you do not plan to use the " canned " cards , then i would recommend art explosion . but the average user will likely appreciate the professional , high quality cards in the hallmark package . personally , i consider the choice of the hallmark package over art explosion a no brainer . a note on versions : the publisher comes out with a new version of the hallmark program every year ( 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , etc. ) and the same is true for art explosion greeting card factory . having used many of these versions , i find very little reason to recommend upgrading year by year . disappointingly , the stock cards in the hallmark program do not seem to have changed appreciably in many years , and the same is true for art explosion .
dvd neg 103.txt a boy has a college interview at a small academy and meets the other guys there . and they talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk . they go to classes and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk . then they go down to dinner and and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk . then nighttime comes and the boys all feel themselves up . in other words , this movie is vintage decoteau . it defies all known logic ( the boy shows up for his college interview , is accepted immediately and somehow moves in the same day with no luggage or discussion with parents ) , has lame effects and lots of half naked boys . it 's hard to tell if this is a commentary on the catholic church scandals or just another excuse to show writhing youg men in bed . definitely another laugh riot from the director of such " classics " as leeches and leather jacket love story
health neg 726.txt i decided to try the caffeine free mega-t because i quit caffeine a couple years ago and did n't want a diet supplement with caffeine . i only needed to lose 10 pounds . took as directed for 1 week . also followed the diet and exercise program per the enclosed pamphlet . after 1 week , to my dismay , i actually gained 3 pounds ! i contacted cca industries , the company that makes mega-t , and they promptly informed me that they have a 30 day guarantee and to return them , along with my receipt , for a refund . i shipped them back yesterday . i gave a 2 star rating because of cca industries ' customer service
music pos 847.txt although this sports new remastering , unless you have either the golden hits cd available here at amazon and your local cd shop , the now out of print golden celebration boxed set or the 2 volume " patti page collection " series ( volume 2 is also out of print ) , this is unnecessary as it duplicates every track on golden hits except for let me go lover instead of with my eyes wide open i 'm dreaming and the songs are arranged in a different order . fans are better off looking for the 2 previous out of print collections with let me go lover to obtain this track and for the rest of this stuff , either buy golden hits , the boxed set and the 2 volume patti page collection series , and btw , vol . 1 is still in print so you can order it right here at amazon
health pos 434.txt the jerdon 7p7506cf ( or as i call it , the ol'6cf ) is a nice , reflective wall-attachable mirror . i ca n't say enough about how reflective this thing is ; i 'm a bit of an amateur facepainter ( although i have zero artistic ability - my spider-man faces usually end up looking like spotty tomatoes ) , so i need a good mirror whenever i self-paint . i have gone through three similar models before finding the 6cf , and none has been as clear and user-friendly . in short , if you 're looking for the best mirror value for your dollar , i ca n't recommend this thing enough . it 's the mirror of the 21st century , and beyond
camera neg 91.txt very disappointed by canon on the fit of this adapter . adapater and shade attachments block camer lens view and create flash shadows
camera pos 670.txt love this digital camera compared to our previous ones . we 're mostly a point-and-click family , and this is an easy-to-use camera that does a good point-and-click and gives an opportunity to do more if you should so choose some day
dvd pos 786.txt this is a great collection . i can remember every saturday morning glued in front of the tv waiting for this show to come on . it 's truly a great dvd that not only i can enjoy , but my son is hooked on it now too
dvd neg 166.txt " the door in the floor " is difficult to like , even , ( or perhaps especially ) , if you 're a fan of john irving 's book , " a widow for one year , " which was the source of this film . the movie is dark , depressing , & slow-moving . it also showcases the least likable characters from the book . to make matters worse , it focuses only on the first third of the novel 's story , which leaves us with an entire movie about an alienated , ( & alienating ) , couple 's suffering . the film is completely devoid of the novel 's interesting & more enjoyable journey through this tragic period of a family 's life & into the more fulfilling chapters in the lives of characters who are n't well developed in the film , but who are central to the book 's satisfying end to an otherwise hopelessly sad story ! this may give you an idea why the film was n't very successful with audiences . the theme is of deep personal loss and the devastating effects it can have on people . unfortunately , the film version of the story concentrates almost entirely on the agony experienced by the parents , played by jeff bridges & kim basinger , in the aftermath of the accidental death of their two teenage sons . it wallows in the empty chasm that 's grown between them & delves into the sad , meaningless , & even cruel love affairs they each engage in , in vain attempts to ease their sorrows & escape the pain of the love lost between them & of course , the greatest loss , the loss of their sons . the film also highlights the rather ugly way this couple inflicts damage upon the people they use for this purpose . and finally , we witness the pain of their very young daughter , who was born out of yet more of the parent 's attempts to fill their empty , sad lives , and we 're treated to a view of her pitiful childhood , growing up with parents who truly " are n't there . " the greatest mystery for me is why the screenwriter chose to tell just a small slice of the story of this great novel , and even worse , why they chose to " bring to life " only the most depressing and frankly least interesting parts of it ! if the theme of loss is one you 're very interested in , you might find this movie quite affecting . as for me , a great fan of the book , i can only hope that someday someone makes a better & more complete adaptation of this great book . it 's not nearly as desperate & sad a story as this film version ! on subsequent viewings i 've grown to appreciate this film a bit more . taken completely apart from the novel , it 's not a " bad " film . undoubtedly , the performances are wonderful , however little fun they are to watch .
dvd neg 557.txt like many of the reviewers here , i am an anne rice fan . however , i knew that there were going to be liberties taken and was comfortable with them . i mean , few of the " dracula " movies throughout the years have had anything to do with bram stoker 's novel . all i wanted - and expected - was a flashy , no substance guilty pleasure movie , a la " dracula 2000. " that alone should tell you my expectations . but qotd failed even as a guilty pleasure . the storyline did n't make a lot of sense when taken on it 's own , and the acting was bad to bland . i also take issue with the badly-done look of the vampires . rice 's vampires are supposed to be beautiful , whereas this bunch looked like eurotrash or people at a halloween spook house . however , one good thing about this movie is the music videos for lestat . since the videos are included on the dvd , it earns 1 star
dvd pos 14.txt if you are a ghits sac fan this dvd is a must , series wise the dvd contains 4 new episodes and the tachikoma stories are back as well , in fact the tachikoma 's are now back in action in the series too . graphic wise , 2nd gig drops the funny pastel look of the first season and returns to its dark look as it was in the first movie , the cg is allot more fine-tuned and the action is awesome ! ! ! , the opener has also improved significantly for the series ! ! ! , sound wise the series is awesome as usual 5.1 dts japanese & 5.1 dts english , with stereo for both and there are english subtitles if you chose to run it with japanese audio . overall they squealed sac season 1 perfectly , this not a series to miss if you 're a shell fan !
books pos 114.txt i expected a fabbo edge-of-the-seat read . what i did n't expect was that this pomo thriller would provide a passel of top-flight management secrets to its unsuspecting readers . from the opening pages of the book , as wylie jones prepares to depart on a & quot ; business trip&quot ; of unspecified duration , to the penultimate chapter , when a revitalized wylie and his attentive amanuensis wrap up a deal on the left coast , this beach-bag zinger is chock full with the sorts of advice , hints , tips , and warnings that help to build healthy management brains in twelve ways ! think of it as a kind of business allegory . wylie 's cross-country odyssey is what might happen if robert fulghum were to meet john gardner trundling down the road on his reality bike , set fire to robertson davies ' beard , and then move on over to the highway hacienda for corn dogs and a brew with none other than warren buffet , everyone 's favorite grassroots investor . i totally loved it . it gets my absolute highest rating
books pos 184.txt i am a huge john grisham fan . i believe the first grisham book i ever read was " the pelican brief " . after that , i was hooked . i admit that through the years mr. grisham 's work has become less " grishamisc " and not as entertaining as earlier works . but , you 'll have that with any author that cranks out as many books as he does . i first started this book by listening to it on cd . i soon decided that it would be more enjoyable to read it than listen to it . i was right ! the book starts out with action and pulls you in . the action barely lets up through the entire book . this is a different kind of action . more mental than physical . there seems to always be something going on and grisham knows how to leave you wanting more at the end of each chapter . one thing that is very different about this book than most of his works , is that there is n't really a catch at the end or a mystery to solve . generally , we find grisham leading us to a thriller ending . however , in this book , it is more of a life lesson about greed . there is no bad guy , nobody lurking in the shadows trying to harm the main character , etc. the book is about good old fashioned greed and how it can ruin your life . the characters are likeable and easy to follow . there are not too many needless chapters or boring detail that is irrelevant to the story . i found the book very easy to read and follow . i always wanted more . although the book has a different theme than most grisham books , i still really enjoyed it . it reminded me why i like to read his books so much . it proves he write good fiction without a thriller or mystery ending . if you like this one , try the eariler works as well . if you have seen the movies , it does n't matter because the books are always better and usually different in some way . this book would make a good movie , but we 'll see if anyone in hollywood agrees with me on that point . happy reading
health neg 745.txt tried this product for 2 weeks ; it did improve the clarity and softness , but i found the product to be too scratchy and it did not rinse off well , seemed to have a sticky feel . since then , i found a wonderful microdermabrasion product called microdermx by nikkel holistic skincare . this product performs like magic ; it is not too scratchy and i can do a whole microderm treatment and not end up feeling like i 've been slapped with a wire brush . i can do the treatment 2-3x 's a week , ( like your supposed to ) but i also use it each morning as a cleanser and everyday is better than the day before . it is a magical product . bette hampton , chicago , i
software neg 224.txt i used version 8 and 9 and never experienced a problem . version 10.latest version is terrible . crash and burn . do n't take their advice and re-install your operating system . its their software and not the os . amazon and pinnacle ( avid ) continue to sell this product even though its terrible . i read it was re-written for version 10 and they ca n't get it right . nonetheless , they still charge full price and for support calls . the upgrade should have been free . there are several good products now so pinnacle is n't your only choice . i changed to sony vegas and am very happy but it does a have a learning curve . for super simple try ulead or one of the others .
software neg 738.txt from my experience just about all support calls are routed off shore . most of the tech support staff just take your question and type it into their work station . they say " may i put you on hold while i check my resources " . then they read answers off their screen . several times i had to say to the tech - i ca n't understand your english . if you buy the package i 'd find a local qb certified accountant and pay him / her for their time .
camera neg 295.txt but the stitching was irregular on the front . i thought the company produced good products , but i was mistaken when i bought this item . next time i 'll just go to bestbuy for a camera case
camera pos 201.txt i have been using this lens for about 2.5 years and it is an exceptional piece of equipment , especially for the price ! i very rarely feel the need to get a closer image than i can achieve with this lens . it 's very solidly built and i am sure it will continue to be a primary piece in my kit for years to come
camera pos 17.txt wow ! ! ! this is my 4th sony , i keep trading up and i am so impressed . there is no delay on the shutter speed , great pictures and enough special effects to be fun , but not enough that you need a phd to operate
camera neg 618.txt i have many pet peaves about this camera . a ) the video showed untrue colors and came out rather dark- -- -do n't try to record indoors b ) did n't fit into my hand naturally and had to use two hands to navigate the menu and even the record button . not good c ) did n't start up fast enough- --i always missed the shot d ) the camera photos are n't of good quality e ) microphone not that great- --you could n't even hear people that were standing ten feet away from the camera . f ) if your laptop is over 3 years old , even if you 've got windows xp , do n't expect the software to be compatible . g ) the zoom lens zoomed to fast at the movement of my finger . i 'd lightly press the zoom button to one side and it zoomed too fast and it did the same for zooming out . i felt like i had to just manually zoom- -- -ie . walk up closer to the subject i honestly say stay away from the samsung 's and the sony 's are n't much better and they have a monopoly on the matching accessories , ie . only sony products are compatible with the camcorder . i finally bought a jvc and they are awesome- -- -the take more light in , better acoustical recording , better zoom function , quicker start up , and lighter . you can even buy the cheapest model ( which is pretty much what i 've got ) and the picture is great ! my parents commented on how they thought i must have a camera like the news reporters , as it 's the same quality
health pos 395.txt i have read reveiws before i bought it that said the trimmer " pinches " or cut people , but i have n't found that to be the case . i would n't use it in ultra sensitive places ( but i try not to use anything sharp and potentially dangerous near sensitive areas ) but it does the trick quite well . i have really enjoyed it and think it functions really well for a good price . it also has an attachment to be a regukar shaver ( which was n't advertised when i bought it ) but worked well on my legs ; not as great as some more expensive electric leg shavers but is great when you do n't have much time . all in all i suggest buying it .
dvd pos 683.txt alec baldwin has always been the best host of snl ( along with walken and spacey ) and this makes a pretty good case why . the opening sketch with the press conference about prince charles is priceless . and what could be more demented than " canteen boy . " baldwin is so over-the-top in that that what is a really , really sick joke is actually funny . but the home runs come with three of the funniest sketches of all time : the tony bennet show ( i was seizing during this one ) , the joe pesci show ( with baldwin doing deniro ) and the " zinger " sketch , which just got funnier as it went along . even better was the voicemail sketch where he keep re-recording his greeting , only to listen back to it and hear a gay man . there are a couple of clunkers : " planet truth " was just not that funny and maybe two others did n't need to be here . including one so-so opening monologue that probably was only included because it included paul mccartney . the bonus features include one great sketch that never made it on-air , and a great audio track by baldwin and the producer of snl which provides lots of really , really entertaining stories about the cast and the sketches themselves . absolutely hilarious
health pos 963.txt this is the 2nd year that i have used the neutrogena ultra sheer dry-touch sunblock , spf 45. i have normal to oily , sensitive , acne-prone skin . i am fair and can burn easily . i think this product is well worth the money , it is quickly absorbed into the skin and has a dry feel . it does not make your skin look greasy and has never caused me to break out . i apply it in the morning and it pretty much lasts me a good 8 hours . the time will vary depending on your sun tolerance , though . it is also conveniently sized to toss in your bag and lasts quite awhile
music pos 129.txt i just bought this on cd as it was on sale through the cd club . i have the original vinyl , but had n't listened to it in years . this is one of the best works of music ever conceived , written and performed . it is absolutely timeless and each song impresses you more than the last . put this one on repeat and let it play three or four times . it just keeps getting better . stevie is an awesome talent and this may be his best . do n't forget how great music was in the 70's . this work is one of the major reasons for the resurgence of 70 's music today by artists that were n't even born then . you can see quite clearly the artists that followed stevie . most recently alicia keys who would be the first to say his music is pure inspiration
software pos 292.txt i read several reviews and was little hesitant to purchase this software . i have a basic hp all in one printer and so far the software is wonderful and easy to use . i have really saved some time with this software .
camera neg 759.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ?
camera neg 768.txt i have purchased the pv-gs65 and everytime i use the camera with autofocus it makes everything blurry and only stays in focus for about 3 seconds . i returned my camcorder and got another one ( pvgs65 ) and i am still having this problem . everytime i have used the camera i have to use manual focus . if anyone else has had this problem or knows how i could get this fixed please email me or post another review . brandonwg8677@comcast.net thank you
health neg 236.txt i was trying to make the shift from a razor blade to an electric shaver and found that this shaver did not provide the close shave i was looking for . it also was taking me much longer to shave because i had to continually go over the same area in order for it to finally get all the hairs . in the end , after using it for 5 weeks , i took advantage of the 60 day return policy and returned the shaver . i am back to my razor blade . i still hate shaving
books neg 326.txt i am an avid fan of true crime books and this is by far the most one-sided book i 've ever read . it was n't about the crimes , it was about this author 's personal feelings and dislike of aileen wuornos . he has a real problem with women , lesbians in particular . he made ms. wuornos out to be someone she wasn't . she had a hard life , yes and chose to committ crimes , but that was n't what this book was about . again , it was n't worth the $. i actually threw my copy of this away
health neg 555.txt amazon is claming : * great entry-level charger system * charges four aa / aaa nimh batteries in 6-10 hours * includes four 2300mah nimh aa batteries it is only 1800mah which makes these rechargeable an average capacity by today standards , while if it was as amazon claims it would have been a nice step up . shame on amazon , oversight or misrepresentation . charger is cheaply made . it can charge 4 aa or only 2 aaa . poor design . the charger that came with my camera can do 4 aaa , go figure . get something else .
health neg 931.txt do not buy this prouct because it is made of cheap quality and the attachable plastic combs are hard to attach and break very easily . the small parts that attach the combs also snapped off without applying much force . this product looks like a good value because of the number of accessories , but they will be useless when you throwing it out within only two months as i was forced to after all of the parts broke off . save your money and avoid
dvd neg 869.txt it 's an understatement that many of us feel ripped off by wb 's attempt to unfairly empty our wallets . if we refuse to buy these horribly priced episode dvds and at the same time purchase the available full season box sets that are of value then we can make some headway . they are in the business of making $$$. slowing their cash flow will force them to give us consumers ' products we demand or risk losing our disposable income . die-hard fans of this series and other series must convince every parent to withhold from purchasing these dvds until full seasons are made available . c'mon wb , we love these shows and will pay for them . we only ask that you do n't rape our wallets . give us the full season box sets much sooner
dvd neg 461.txt well not to bad a deal.most of the movies here are n't too bad ( the inspector general , a farewell to arms , a star is born etc ; ) and have basically clear picture and sound quality.it 's true several of these are silent but even a few of those are good.there is a problem with this set however , after you 've watched these movies once they will begin to wear out my mother and i discovered this when we wanted to watch " the flying deuces " for the second time the film was a lot more blurry and it was difficut to hear some of the dialogue.my advice is not buy this collection unless you find it for sale very cheap , and to just rent some of the better ones.we did get a few things out of this my mother said that she discovered buster keaton , w.c.fields and charlie chaplin because of this for instance , ( and after we liked father 's litle dividend we decided to watch father of the bride which was even better ) so i have decided to give it an extra star just for that
software neg 174.txt sorry to disappoint the believers , but this os is way overpriced for what it does . and , it will dominate you instead of the converse
health neg 33.txt i 've got this meter a month ago . i intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise , but i 've never been able to do so ! at rest , the meter gives a reading after several attempts , but often inaccurate . you have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading . now i 'm using it as an exercise watch / stopwatch
dvd pos 137.txt i was sooooooooo excited to see that this movie had been released , and i was not disappointed . the dancing was magnificent , and it was amazing to see patrick & lisa together . i have to saythought for many....it was disheartening to see you perform with your wife , patrick , because so many of us have fantasized of that same possibility ! i would recommend it to all who love dance ! it is a beautiful tribute to what a person can do !
health neg 775.txt this product was not as i expected . it is much weaker than ones used in the past . it certainly was not worth the price i paid . i returned this item .
camera neg 189.txt ok , maybe a 1 star is actually fair since my nose does n't smudge the lcd screen as much . the most annoying thing for me is it constantly falls off the camera . both my 30d and rebel xt . if i am lucky enough it will fall off , get lost and eventually i will not be reminded i wasted money on this accesory
dvd pos 294.txt you want the greatest zombie film ever made in the most deluxe version dvd possible today ? buy this set today , as it includes 3 versions of the film , including argento 's take on the film , known as zombi : dawn of the dead . dawn of the dead has that 79 feel , with wide camera shots that allow the characters to breathe , unlike so many modern horror flicks that smother the stars with endless closeups . the zombie gore is to be noted , as its quite gory near the end of the film and at some parts throughout , but no real feasting occurs till the end , for the ultimate payoff . yes , the zombies are pasty and fresh , since the outbreak has just began , which joins a team of four who struggle to survive in a mall while the world is quickly overtaken in this , dawn of the dead , easily the strongest romero entry , and amongst all zombie films
dvd neg 476.txt i was trying to watch it , but can not open de dvd because it is the wrong country code ? ? ? ?
software neg 828.txt i bought this cd title b / c i wanted to learn how to play the guitar again . my decision to purchase this was based solely on all the amazon reviews that i perused beforehand . you can definitely learn to play the guitar with this , but there are so many other titles out there that are cheaper and more up-to-date . furthermore , there is nothing more annoying to me than hearing the instructor loudly singing the songs over the guitar strumming . his voice dominants in many parts of the lessons , and it deafens the sound of the guitar which makes it very difficult to hear the chords being taught . again , the software is good but may not be the best on the market . then again , i 've only purchased three titles , and this one offers a few things that the others do n't include
health pos 260.txt this toilet paper will never feel like the cozy stuff that blocks the toilet on a regular basis , but it is a product that feels somewhat better than varieties you find in many public toilets . i am willing to compromise a tiny bit of plush , and save all the hours spent attached to toilet plungers . i do concern myself with any chemicals that are placed into a product that makes it " rapid-dissolve " , and will in time , try an environmentaly friendly brand . a great option for family with kids who know no limits for toilet paper usage , and ignore the presence of a plunger
dvd pos 882.txt 5 stars to the film itself ! here 's a painful study of a woman 's descent to lunacy amidst a desolate , uncaring and eventually foreboding backdrop of industrial waste . the character study is not unlike claustrophobic polanski 's repulsion but dwells on vitti 's being consumed by her external surroundings as opposed to deneuve 's intensive plunge to schizophrenia . the pace and landscape is virtual antonioni so it may not appeal to viewers who are not familiar with the director 's works . one of his greatest works ( l'avventura remains his best to me ) . the only problem is the dvd transfer . i 've seen the vhs and it has a consistent hue of orange . the dvd , although sharper and clearer , fluctuates in hues from blues in medium shots to reds and oranges in long shots . for a film that essentially deals with color ( it was antonioni 's first color feature ) , the transfer was rather clumsy and careless . the sound is average but leaves a lot of room for improvement . why did n't criterion handle the transfer of this gorgeous film
books neg 779.txt i am extremely dissapointed with this new edition of the text and have one advise only : if you own 2nd ed. , do not indulge in this new edition for even the errors ( spellings for one ) are xeroxed onto the new edition . therefore , for a review of the text itself , you may , without any compunction , refer to 2nd ed. 's comments , of which there are many
camera pos 478.txt what a great little accessory for my camera . could have used it in seattle last month , boy did it rain
software neg 745.txt do n't waste your time and money ! ! extremely poor product support ! 60 day return policy which they exploit by trying to solve your problems and delaying past the 60 day limit , then you 're stuck with worthless software . i installed it on my computer making a complete backup of it . then my computer crashed and i lost everything . i thought i was covered since i just made a full backup on an external hard disk but when i tried to do a restore norton ghost would n't recognize my external hard disk . i spent a full day with their support people and he finally gave up telling me he had to send the problem to the next level of support and that they would call me within 48 hours . nobody called ! i bought their extended download service and tried to download the product again . it did n't work and after spending 8 hours online and on the phone i still have n't got a working copy . the product key they said i needed and i tried to use also does n't work . i 'm writing my credit card company next to try and get a credit but i expect the same result - no credit back and software that does n't do what norton said it would do
software neg 835.txt the retail price is totally wrong . i could get it for cheaper from another vendor
books neg 901.txt i 'm a zone diet believer - but this book is a serious letdown . two major problems with this worthless book : 1. almost all of the recipes involve *far* too much preparation - the title is *very* misleading . 2. i find it hard to believe that anyone actually prepared these recipes , and thought they were *good* ! most of the meals are horrible due to the *huge* proportion of vegetables . i mean , an omelet with over 3 cups of asparagus ? ?
camera pos 653.txt i bought this camera to replace my 35 almost a couple years back . i am an avid nature photographer so most of my work is taken in the outdoors . after hundreds of pictures and all kinds of weather here 's the lowdown.. . pros ... picture quality is amazing even after zooming the full 10x ( i never go into digital zoom because of low quality of pictures , although this camera is n't too bad after complete full optical and digital zoom ) . prints that i 've made up to 16x20 " ( have n't gone larger , but i know i can ) are extremely impressive and are as crisp as viewing a 4x6. it is easy to use and the functions are easy to get to with the use of the joystick . the stabilization at full 10x zoom is incredible also . it appears really shaky through the window , but pictures continue to turn out crisp . close-ups are clear and reveal amazingly clear details . the movie feature works better indoors than the regular camera portion ( read cons ) . cons ... indoor shooting is limited because the flash is n't strong enough . when at a school chorus concert , the pictures turned out fuzzy and unclear . award ceremonies , the pictures turned out once again unusable in my standards . the zoom is fixed when using the movie feature so you need to have the zoom set before beginning a movie . this camera seems to eat batteries , especially in the winter months . i am always on the go , and when i go to pull out the camera i find the camera lens cover has fallen off yet again . it comes off way to easily causing smudges and smears on the lens so i must always have lens cleaner wipes on me . the viewing window cover has also come off and is lost in the woods somewhere , but that also is minor . most of the cons really are all minor things that do n't interfere with the amazing quality of the pictures as long as you are properly prepared for those minor issues . i tried to be as precise about this camera as possible . all in all , i would highly recommend this camera to the avid photographer . if you plan on using a camera on mostly indoor activities , just keep in mind for the flash to work good , keep your subjects close . it 's been bumped , jostled , and droped a couple of times and the camera still works like a gem
books neg 749.txt talk about self-absorbed...i guess the ego and the love of self this man displays are essential to success in business...i thought the man made some good points , but few are helpful to anyone in the real world ( or outside the newspaper business ) . nausea sets in after the second chapter . neuharth will die an old , lonely , rich man . respected by many , hated by nearly all . luckily , i did n't have to sit through this entire book . i put it down quickly
software neg 655.txt way to many problems with this version , if you want to replace all your printers , scanners , sound cards and so on , go for it.otherwise stay away
software neg 122.txt i 've used cad programs written in the 80 's that are better than this . i 'll go back to drawing board 1.0 over this thing . not user friendly . i can hardly draw a few walls without it crashing . jun
dvd pos 312.txt this exercise video was very easy to get started on and you could do all the exercises in very limited space . this is great for people who do not have alot of room . after exercising to the video , i felt really good , energized . i would definitely recommend it to someone who is just starting out exercising . it is low impact and easy to follow
health pos 36.txt if you are trying to learn relaxation through biofeedback , this is the product to buy . packaging , support , presentation , and hardware / software quality are the best that i have seen . no down side . it 's not a game in the usual sense . more of a way to learn techniques in a quiet and amusing way . there is room for a little mischief . instead of allowing the balloons to flow smoothly , i tried busting a few . type a personality shows through occasionally . i will be purchasing the next item in the series . i am learning to relax , at will , which will be helpful in my high-stress occupation . good luck
music neg 266.txt this is anything but soothing . the tone is too high pitched ; nothing like the deep bass of crashing waves along the rocky carmel coastline that i was hoping for . i did buy the twofer and got the ocean surf cd by dan gibson and found it much more relaxing , even though it is n't a tumbling surf sound . i was able to fall asleep.. . which was my goal . now if i could only return ocean waves .
camera pos 70.txt this is a wonderful lens with great image quality , very fast , and very good build quality . no complaints
camera pos 822.txt i purchase this lens for the digital rebel xt body i also purchased through amazon . so far the lens has performed as expected . it is solid and well built . sticks slightly , when zooming through 200mm . images are crisp and focus is sharp . working at 300mm can be a challenge without using a mono or tripod . shooting a bird in flight at 300mm is a trick . overall , good lens for $200. if you have more money , then a lens with image stabilization ( is ) would be the way to go .
camera pos 751.txt camera has good features and decent battery life for a " regular " camera . for those of you who do n't need a special camera and just want something that can take decent pictures . this is a good one . i like it
health neg 642.txt while the product works it 's good . it was capabable of trimming eyebrows , sideburns , beards & mustaches , and that pesty stray nosehair . the problem with the microtouch is that the motor works for about 6 months and then it is useless . it is not worth the money . buy a product that costs more money and is better quality .
music neg 840.txt i did not get my order . you were suppoused to send my money back . i am waiting . thank
dvd pos 510.txt this is one of the best movies starring children i have ever seen - ozu embraces their viewpoint - often litterally from their eye level . often in other ozu films like ' tokyo story ' , and ' early summer ' - we would see flashes of children from a strikingly noncondescending and , often times , humerous perspective . now in ' good morning ' we have an almost entire film devoted to childhood - and events that are important in the lives of these kids and their parents and family . like all ozu films it is gorgeously shot and in a bright colorful style full of wonderfull compositions . it is not as masterul as ' tokyo story ' of ' floating weeds ' - but it gives us a better understanding of ozu and how he saw the world - very charming film
books pos 382.txt i just love this book . it 's for anyone who practices no particular " religion " . the prayers are simple , in every day language , easily understood like god is speaking right to me . i find it inspiring every day and look forward to reading one prayer per day . none are more than a few paragraphs and all speak straight to the heart
camera pos 38.txt i upgraded from the canon digital rebel ( grey body ) to this because i was ready to take my photography to a new level . one thing i like most about this camera is it 's flash compenstation . i purchased the 430ex flash with it because i was tired of having to use the built in flash and always getting those hard shadows on the wall
books pos 106.txt i got this book when it first came out and read it straight away.i absoloutely loved it and highly reccomend it.lief is trying to be a great ruler , but ca n't , not with the famine and death in deltora.but with a perilious map , our heroes set out to destroy the four sisters that are causing the deaths in deltora.an exceptional addition to the previous books and is reccomended to fans who want a little more adventure in their reading.well done emily rodda ! i like this book as much as all the others , this is the best deltora series and i say it proudly , but after all , deltora quets has n't finished , not yet
software neg 235.txt after purchasing the program thinking it would perform a through check on my presario running xp home all i get is a message that ssp6 has unexpectedly quite . i emailed tech support w / the info , but so far no response after 10 days . there is no # to call for support . maybe i overlooked something . also , i submitted the rebate form which came on the package , but was told that the seller was not participating in the rebate program and i need to check w / them . i did and they said they shipped what vcom had provided them , which included a rebate form if doing a competitive upgrade . not very impressed w / either the software or the company . would never buy another product from these guys , even when the price after rebate is 0. lof
software neg 811.txt why buy iolo system mechanic when you can get malware for free ? i installed pro 7 and it gave many , many problems . iolo did not respond to my emails so i uninstalled . their uninstaller did not work either
health neg 294.txt i wo n't be buying these , because there is not enough public comments or even actual photos of people using these goggles . if you look closely on the example photos provided by amazon the people that supposingly wear these things , then you 'll notice they are n't really wearing them its just drawn
dvd pos 521.txt this was purchased for my daughter for her 15th birthday . she is very deeply interested in shakespeare and all his works but especially romeo and juliet . i saw this version when it was released originally in theaters and wanted her to have the experience of seeing these 2 actors . i thought it was beautifully done then and she loves it now . impressive that mom and daughter enjoy this movie when the music of today 's teens and much of their other interests are definitely not mom 's thing .
books neg 429.txt the plot of this book was interesting , and it could have been a good book . unfortunately , it wasn't . the main problem for me was that the hero is dispicable , and the heroine has absolutely no self esteem ! even many of the the secondary characters are weak , miserable people ! the story starts when the hero finds himself drawn to the heroine even though he considers her a " dirty little nobody " . once she gets a makeover and is actually beautiful , he begins pressuring her to become his mistress even though she is an innocent marriageable female by regency standards . because she is the daughter of a " cit " , he ca n't imagine why she has any reservations about the deal . he says charming things to her like " how much do you think your virginity is worth anyway " . now that 's romance ! meanwhile , even though she is unbelievably insulted by the hero many times , she finds herself drawn to him too . for me their relationship was sort of like an abuser and his victim . she never stood up for herself , and you felt sorry for her . of course the plot twist involves a mystery about her parentage.. . only its not really a mystery because almost everyone knows the hero is a dukes granddaughter , including her . in fact just about the only one who does n't know is the hero , which provides the dilemma . he would of course be willing to marry her if only he knew she really was n't a nobody ! will anyone tell him ? will he wise up and offer to marry her even though she is n't good enough for him ? will she give in to her desires and become his mistress since he does n't think she is good enough for him to marry ? of course it all works out , and he actually proposes to before he finds out she actually is good enough for him . ugh ! ! ! this could have been a good book if the " mystery " had been handled better , and the characters were written differently . as is , it is a sad regency tale
dvd pos 243.txt watching this movie is a very bizarre experience . having attended high school in the countryside , close to large clusters of amish farms , i had heard stories from my friends at school about rumspringing amish teenagers . i dismissed most of them as rumor . this movie confirmed that those wild stories i heard were probably true . a very intruiging look at the flipside of a lifestyle most americans cannot even begin to comprehend . worth a rental at the very least
software pos 497.txt all in all a fine product . has gotten excellent reviews from pc mag . norton slowed my machine to a crawl . this has not . suggest never paying full retail for it unless you absolutely have to . i 've been using it for a few years now and always manage to find a free after rebate deal on it a few months before the one year subscription period is up . it does require the user to provide authorizations the first time it sees a programs attempting to access the web . for a non techie , this may seem a bit intimidating because there will be a lot of queries from it in the first few days of usage
software neg 433.txt everything the negative reviewers say is true and more . please note the following as well : 1. if you are a college student taking a class online that uses blackboard software , vista will prevent you from posting to the class discussion board and answering any fill-in-the-blank or discussion questions on tests ! to fix this download the foxfire browser ( free ) and use it to access your course . because vista uses so much memory and is already so huge , they had to drop quite a few little programs that software needs to access in the operating system . 2. huge memory and hard drive drain . look at this comparison windows xp professional size on drive 1.5 gig memory requirements 128 mb windows vista needs 15 gig to load . does not say how large the program is but i would n't think its small ! ! ! memory requirements 1 gig ! if you check the dell website you will see that they recommend that you have 2 gig of memory to use windows vista . that is a few $$$ worth of memory just to run the operating system while openning a program . try running a game or doing animation with that kind of a sink hole in your system ! the less memory you have available , the slower everything , including websites will load ( no matter how fast your internet connection ) what is worse is that to fix what is wrong with it ( ie replace all those small programs your software expects to find in the operating system ) , they will have to add patches that can only make it bigger and hungrier for memory ! this is the most pathetic excuse for an upgrade that i have ever seen . i would expect some lawsuits before this is over ! do not buy this product
camera pos 583.txt when i sow this in amazon and read the spec . and everything on it i knew this is exactly what i 'm looking for . it 's portable , handy , and it 's easy to use . the video has a great picture on it as well as the picture too . you can even download mp3 music and use it to make music video , or any music of your own . here 's what you do , output the audio to a power amp / speaker so the performer will hear the music let the performer lipsink the music and start shooting the video . shoot different location at the same music and edit it whala you have just made the mtv music video
camera pos 984.txt this is panasonic 's entry-level camcorder , but it 's packed with useful features , like good image quality , 12 lux sensitivity , and a whopping 30x optical zoom . i think it 's perfect for casual travel videography as well as for shooting entries to the " america 's funniest video " show . it 's fairly easy to use and the build quality is solid . a good optional accessory to get is a spare battery . you never know if the battery might run out at the most inopportune time , so be sure to pick up a backup one . given the recent dell recall of 4.1 million laptops due to battery fire , you should get a genuine panasonic liion battery designd specifically for this model . do n't put your life or your loved one 's at risk . the reviewer named " hung " got it totally wrong ( or was just plain lying ) . the gs29 does come with ieee1394 firewire ( aka i.link ) so you can download your videos quickly to your pc ; if your pc does n't already have an ieee1394 port , you can get a pci ieee1394 card for $30 or less . you can use windows movie maker , included with windows me and xp , to edit your videos and export them to cds or dvds .
camera neg 292.txt bought the charger and an extra battery . when my camera battery started getting low i tried to charge the batteries and the device just sat there trying to charge but never charged the batteries . competely useless . have to go buy a different charger
dvd pos 865.txt this series is exactly what the english love about mystery and crime . it 's a tad bit dull compared to what we are used to with cop shows and series like " the shield " . that being said , this series is well done and does capture you over time . rather than individual crime stories , this series contains only one crime investigation . if you like drama and cop stories , this is a good one
health neg 215.txt this product does not do what it advertises . does not work at all on my facial hai
books pos 975.txt cajun cuisine is , without a doubt , the best cajun cookbook that i 've ever used . i was born and reared in southern louisiana , and the recipes detailed within closely mirror the exact techniques , seasonings , and spices that i had learned by watching both my grandmothers in their kitchens , and how i was personally taught by my grandfather at his hunting camp . you cannot go wrong with this book ! jacque
music neg 97.txt maybe her harp playing could be acceptable , but when she sings.. . everything turns awful . the worst singer i ever heard
music neg 223.txt do not buy this cd , the first two reviews said this is a good cd . nope . i 'll tell ya the real about this cd . i believe this was 305 's first cd , and i do n't see how this cd was ever in mass production . while it does have a few decent cuts most of this cd belongs to a different artist . 305 got much of the material for this cd on techmaster p.e.b 's masterpiece bass computer . any one who has both cd 's can tell . if your looking for bass , you 'll find it here . but you can find knock with any bass artist . i give this cd one star for biting techmaster
dvd neg 744.txt this is nothing but a huge dissapointment . there 's almost nothing on this video about baseball . if there was a rating lower than zero stars , i would give it that rating .
camera pos 846.txt bought this tripod to use with my spotting scope for target shooting . easy attachment to my scope and multiple adjustment heights , with the crank , make it easy to zero in on the target and allow anyone to see thru the scope , no matter how tall they are . compact and lite to carry , makes it easy to transport to and from the range
books neg 833.txt the book appears to give comprehensive coverage in terms of the number and type of entries included . however , on the atkins diet , the important measure to monitor is the & quot ; active&quot ; carbohydrate mass which may metabolised and which excludes roughage or fiber . the inclusion of such a measure in the book would greatly enhance its value and utility
health pos 686.txt i have , on the advice of my ob / gyn been using dove ( white ) for over 25 years ! ! my skin is very sensitive and dry and he recommended i should use it instead of other brands . he was not wrong ! it works very well for me
software neg 145.txt why are the newer products getting slower by the version . i still love version 5. it does not forever to open up in a web browser. . update : i have been using version 7 now for several months. . i am glad to say that i am now a lot happier . granted it still uses a lot of memory . however , the new features that it has compared to version 5 , makes the upgrade worthwhile . however , watch out. . there are several features that adobe took out from the standard version and only has on the pro version. .
camera pos 322.txt it gave me the option to change the angle of the light.. . this is a nice option to have i am sure
music pos 8.txt as we all know by now , lil ' jon is not known for his lyrical capabilities , but for his platinum productions and ability to find guest artists perfect for his songs . he is truly the king of crunk . many of the songs on the album are much like the hit single , " get low " feat . the ying yang twins - strong pumping dacefloor beats , lots of swearing and yelling constantly yeeah ! , whuut ? , and okaay ! buying the edited version ( if there is one ) would be a total waste . this album is not for the meek or faint hearted ! much of the songs hardly have many words from lil jon himself , mostly from the featured artists . these include petey pablo , 8ball and mjg , chyna whyte , pastor troy , jadakiss , styles p . , ect . my faveorites 1 ) throw it up w / pastor troy - a ' hood representing song with a thumping beat 2 ) get low 3 ) rep yo city w / petey pablo , bun b - a very good song with talents all around 4 ) knockin ' heads off - again jon struts his stuff 5 ) i do n't give a.. . - perfect for before game pumping musi
software neg 572.txt my subscription for 2006 was up and i needed to renew - since i just reinstalled windows xp professional ( sp2 ) on my laptop ( a dell inspiron 9300 , intel pentium m 2ghz , 512mb ram , 60gb hard disk ) , i decided to simply purchase the 360. i have been having issues with the live update for several weeks now ( error 5 ) . instead i have to download a 15 mb file ever so often with the updated definitions . after checking the technical support website , it appears that norton is aware of the problem and is currently working on it . that was just about two weeks ago . customer support is non-existent it appears since i have yet to be contacted . complete waste of time . renew your existing subscriptions instead . i wish that i had
books pos 365.txt tony nourmand 's & quot ; film posters of the 60's &quot ; is a wonderful and colorful coffee table style book that is a great treat to look through . there are many of the classic film poster images of the french new wave , the films of stanley kubrick and the classic 007 posters , just to name a few . film poster collecting is a great adventure and this book reflects that enthusiasm . this book was lovingly organized with great detail . a superb value ! looking forward to future editions
health neg 591.txt what a gimmick . its nothing but pure alcohol . i should have looked at the ingreidents list . i should have bought princereigns or min , but i bought into all those phony reviews below
music pos 383.txt i loved this album . strangely enough i was introduced to the title song by gray 's anatomy where i just had to find out who was singing that lead ( alice russell ) . the rest of the album is like the r& b music i grew up with . definitely worth a listen
dvd neg 109.txt i bought three dvds ( the wood was one of them ) and the dvds were in european codes which means they wo n't play in the united states unless you own a " special " dvd player . i 'm very unhappy with my purchase . my recommendation to you is that you read every single piece of information before you purchase movies that were formatted for another country . this is the catch when you buy movies at cheaper prices
dvd neg 626.txt more time could have been spent in ney york city for this movie . like with friday the 13th part seven : the new blood , all of the good gore scenes were cut out . but still , this is a terrible movie and i am willing to bet that not even gore will help it be better than part five
books neg 540.txt had long looked forward to finally reading this " acclaimed " novel . there are brilliant and imaginative highlights in the book , although finding those bits is like looking for light in a black hole , a lot of work for very little result . i truly believe this is a book that would be more interesting if one increased their medication level way past the recommended daily dosage . mark
software neg 411.txt after using turbotax couple of years and then using taxcut for last two years ( 2005 and 2006 returns ) i concluded that turbotax is much superior software . taxcut 's only advantage is that it is cheaper . if you take out price from the equation , taxcut is inferior in quality . - in 2005 taxcut software there was not pdf output of all the forms . this was pretty silly because after couple of years if i want to access my tax return i am not going to install taxcut again in my computer and view by return . i would rather have have my tax return available in some widely acceptable format like pdf and then access / distribute whenever i want ( i do n't keep my documents in hardcopies ) . so i wrote to h&r block . this year they added that saving return in pdf file feature available . but unfortunately , this is far from being perfect . it excludes number of important forms - example , irs form 8853 , california adjustment schedule 540ca etc. instead of that it saves numbers of useless worksheet ( without any data entered in those worksheets ) , same form multiple times . - most annoying thing about this software is updating incorrect data . in one form i entered wrong data . while reviewing it i found a problem and went to that specific section to update . but in calculation taxcut still showed old incorrect number . i just could not make it to use new corrected number . eventually i had to restart a new return from scratch - just to have an dollar amount corrected . - in many section useful helps are missing
camera pos 748.txt images from this camera are very high quality . the 18x optical zoom is very usable with only minimal distortion noticeable at the extremes . the optical image stabilization system ( based on stabilizing the ccd image sensor instead of lens elements ) is quite good and performed well under several different circumstances ( moving car , boat , shaky hands ) . my main gripe with this camera is the lack of high speed usb 2.0 support . the fine print says that the usb interface is " full speed " which means a maximum transfer rate of 12 mbit / s instead of the 480 mbit / s possible with high speed usb . so , downloading photos from the camera through the usb interface is painfully slow compared to most current generation digital cameras such as a canon sd900. the software provided with the camera is somewhat difficult to use and is slow and unresponsive . it would also be desirable if the camera could accept a lithium ion rechargeable battery in addition or instead of the 4 aa batteries it uses . but , battery life with both alkaline and rechargeable nimh aa batteries was adequate .
dvd pos 689.txt this movie was very hard to find . found it in dvd an it was new
health pos 846.txt fantastic , a great product , especially considering the price . i love the size . i love that the height is adjustable . it is exactly what i wanted , and i am thrilled with it .
books neg 809.txt i only glanced through this book , yet my first impression is that it is a hodge podge of unrelated research without any attempt to analyze or comment on the results or even the quality of the research conducted or of the tools applied . i can , however , write about one of the editors , mike shaw , who made no attempt whatsoever to ' find the evidence ' when assessing us as parents . he works as a consultant child psychiatrist in london , england and seems to specialise in offering his services as an ' expert witness ' and trainer in the legal aspects of applying medical recommendations under the mental health act. we had our children taken away on the grounds that they were " at risk of neglect " . mike shaw was called in as an expert witness to interview us and make recommendations . yet the reports that he submitted to court were unbelievably sloppy and ill researched . under cross examination , he was vague and inarticulate and could provide no concrete evidence to support his assertions and recommendations . luckily for us , he was so glaringly incompetent that we were allowed to repeat the process with another expert psychiatrist . i do n't know about his co-editors , but if his work is anything to go by , the material that he collated in this book can only be equally sloppy and prejudiced . here are some extracts from the psychiatric report that he submitted to court . judge for yourself whether you can take anything this man does or says seriously . evidence-gathering . " on 9.8.02 , i interviewed mr & mrs orman [2 hours] " on 21.8.02 , i met the family at trent park where i spoke to mrs orman alone [40 mins] , witnessed contact [1 hour] and spoke to the children without their parents [20 mins] [and] i interviewed the foster carer [2 hours]. observations . " mr & mrs orman were friendly and co-operative throughout.[...] mr orman showed insight [... but] was n't concerned that his actions may have disadvantaged the children . the couple were very robust in refuting the [welfare's ] account , which they claimed was full of misunderstandings and misinformation . " contact took place in the park[...]the parents and children seemed happy to see each other ; they chatted in animated style . [...] i was n't aware of either parent criticising the authorities in the children 's presence " [interviewing the children] the children seemed attentive [...] but answered " do n't know " , fell silent and looked at each other when i asked them questions [...] erin related [a simpsons episode where] homer [...] had lumps coming out of his head because he kept his anger inside . i found myself wondering whether this was an oblique reference to concern about mr orman 's temper but guessed that such an interpretation would be dismissed . [note . this is submitted in court as an evidence-based legal document ! ] conclusions & recommendations " [...] i observed mrs orman as shy and anxious while mr orman was very pleasant but forceful . [...] " mr and mrs orman say they have an easy affectionate bond with the children . so it is surprising that the foster carer finds the children uncomfortable with physical contact . [...] i think there is some insecurity in the children 's attachment to their parents . [note how this directly contradicts his own observations in the park.] " were mr orman to be caring for the children on his own , i would be concerned about his sensitivity to their needs . [...] asked whether he had any regrets , mr orman did n't take any responsibility for the deprivation and disruption suffered by his children going into care . [...] erin [who was 8 at the time] needs a parent who can stand up to her without losing their temper , and support and advise socially . i suspect mr orman would find this difficult . " my concern about mrs orman managing the children on her own would be a recurrence of her illness . [...] i wonder whether mrs orman has the strength and patience to handle these very challenging [sic] children . " [...]the children seemed very happy and natural with their parents during the contact i observed [sic] and the contact records make reference to the children wanting to go home . " [...] returning home is likely to further retard the children 's social and emotional development . [...] " these children have very little capacity to protect themselves from what is essentially emotional deprivation and possibly abuse . [...] it is most unlikely that either parent can protect the children from any harm that the other parent might cause . i also find very plausible ms [charlotte] curran 's suggestion ( ... [in] her [written] statement ) that mr orman dominates his wife . " the children did not express a wish to return home when they spoke to me , but it seems safest to assume they would prefer to be at home and would be alarmed if that was not possible . [..] i believe the children need a long-term placement away from home with experienced foster carers . [...] contact should be gradually reduced . " mike shaw 's answers under cross-examination painted a dire picture of our mental competence and subsequent parenting abilities , but he was unable to point to any specific evidence that he had acquired in his 6-hour investigation . yet he remained adamant in his conclusion that the children should be removed from the family indefinitely and contact gradually reduced until no further contact be allowed , so that the children could lead a normal and happy life . he could not comment on government statistics that show that 70% of all children placed in long-term foster care end up as delinquents . our children were eventually returned to us after we underwent a convoluted process to prove our competence as parents beyond a reasonable doubt ; and the case was eventually closed . so much for the scientific and critical appraisal of our family by a man who regularly provides expert legal evidence and trains psychiatrists in making competent medical recommendations that supposedly satisfy basic human rights conventions
camera pos 841.txt i would like to add to the reviews already posted , especially for anyone considering this lens as an alternative to the 80-400 vr . this is one of the only times i can remember when i have had the money to buy a nikon lens , but have not been able to bring myself to do it . the 80-400 is 6 years old , uses ancient mechanical ( slow ) focus , and has yet to be updated with vrii technology . all that , and it still costs more than the pro-quality canon 100-400 is , which has canon 's af-s equivalent too ! that said , i like long yet portable lenses , and after giving myself fits decided to " settle " for the 70-300 because it has vrii and af-s . if you are in the same boat then buy this lens , it is a gem for its intended purpose . i get sharp results wide open at 300 , and the light weight more than offsets the slower apertures . i would have loved this lens if it was an f / 3.5 , but even at 4.5-5.6 i have really been surprised at the results . save the $1000+ until nikon updates the 80-400 dinosaur
camera pos 434.txt this is a fabulous gift for grandparents if you preload the pictures . just be aware that the customer support folks are not that knowledgeable , probably since the product is new . do n't bypass their software to load the pix if you 're transferring from your pc to the frame - their software reduces the memory needed for each one . and even though the software for different size frames is labelled the same , it is not compatible and you can only have one version installed on your pc at a time
music pos 109.txt review no.77.a superbly / nicely done reissue of the zombie 's second ' actual ' album ( is n't it ? ) .total of 27 tracks , so since the first twelve ( 12 ) cuts were the original lp , i guess that means you get seventeen bonus tracks , wow ! that 's a lot , for a one-disc release.a fine cd to repeatedly play , plus keep in your ' current rotation ' stack for a long time to come.it 's probably just me , but these tunes should be in a different playing order.that 's why i 'll sometimes pre-program this cd before i listen to it.loads of fabulous / memorable tunes to enlighten your evening with here , like " care of cell 44 " ( three versions , but welcome ) , " time of the season " ( stereo and mono versions ) , the beautifully-done melodic " a rose for emily " ( 2 versions ) , " i want her , she wants me " , " maybe after he 's gone " and a cut that i 've certainly never heard before , but was quite impressed with it , " butchers tale " .obviously , the zombies must 've had hours of unreleased material that most of the world did n't take great notice of , until now.simply , a must-have.timeless top rate british invasion rock&roll that 'll never truly die
books pos 289.txt when i was in the sixth grade we moved twice , and in all three of the schools from new jersey to connecticut to japan i got to study ancient greece in the history part of the class . i also got a lot of mileage out of having read edith hamilton 's " mythology " ( i still have my mythology report with my versions of all of the illustrations ) . but in all the times i got to study ancient greece before , during , and after the sixth grade i never got to do any of the fun stuff that avery hart & paul mantell come up with for " ancient greece ! : 40 hands-on activities to experience this wondrous age . " this kaleidoscope kids volume for kids ages 7-12 not only offers activities but also a variety of information about the ancient greeks . so this is not simply a book of activities that teachers can pick and choose from to give their students hands-on experiences , it is also a source of facts and stories that will supplement what exists in whatever textbook is being used . throughout the book there are " great greeks ! " and things to " think about . " after reminding young readers of the gifts that have come down to us from ancient greece , hart and mantell get students acclimated to the idea of looking at the past from the perspective of those who lived way back when . then the book looks at key periods of greek history . " meet the minoans : the pre-greeks of crete " looks at the culture that gave rise to the greatness of greece with activities to make a greek yo-yo , a great mother figure , a hamster labyrinth ( without the minotaur ) , and a fantastic fresco . that gives you an indication of the sort of activities to be found in this book before we even get to greece itself . other chapters are devoted to " the age of heroes , " where you get a super-short version of " the iliad " and can build a trojan horse , " language unites ! " ( including speaking " pig greek " ) , " the dawn of a golden age , " where you can organize a pentathlon and make a victory wreath , and " ye gods ! greek religion and mythology , " where you can design your own constellation . in the last part of the book chapters cover " classical athens : the flower of ancient civilization , " where you get to build a greek temple with ionic columns ( or even build the entire parthenon ) , " think for yourself : philosophy , " where students can make a monochord or hold a symposium , and " the amazing arts , " which covers create sculptures and painting pots in the first part and making masks to make up a greek play in the second part . the final chapter covers " a wider world : alexander the great and the hellenistic age , " where you can start a library . at the end , students can appreciate how being a greek meant standing in the center of the world ( as least , as far as the ancient greeks were concerned ) . again , there are some key issues to be discussed to go along with the activities . students can debate what is the difference between a hero and a celebrity , understand why every vote counts in a democracy , and decide what makes somebody beautiful . learning how to press olives or how huge blocks of marble were transported across the sea , gives students an appreciation for how things were different way back when . throughout the book hart and mantell show how ancient ideas live on in modern traditions , which remains the biggest legacy of the ancient greeks . i teach classical greek & roman mythology ( not to be confused with modern greek & roman mythology apparently ) but i teach it online so i do not really have any opportunities to have my students engage in hands-on activities . but that does not mean i cannot do them in the privacy of my own home or that elementary school teachers will not find these extremely useful for their unit on ancient greece . although i am suddenly reminded of coming up with the " sparthens " ( a.k.a. the warriors with the brains ) in elementary school . but that is another story
camera neg 664.txt keep in mind that you ca n't use this product unless you buy an external flash . the built-in flash results in harsh shadows on the left edge of the photos . canon 's response thank you for your inquiry regarding the powershot g6. we are sorry to hear of any issues with the conversion lens . when using the built-in flash , a portion of the image may be blocked by the converters and appear dark . please refer to page 186 of the camera manual for detailed information . when the converters are used , it is recommended to not use the built-in flash . thank you for choosing canon
dvd pos 831.txt dmx stars as the drug dealer king david , who pops up in the streets again after a long absence . rolling into the frame in a player 's classic - a late 70 's stutz blackhawk - king david shrugs his way back into the hard-knock life . he quickly reaps what he sows and , mortally wounded , passes all his worldly goods to paul ( david arquette ) , a scrambling white would-be writer . king david 's estate includes an audio journal of his life , which provides flashbacks and a narrative-within-a-narrative that answers the shaken paul 's curiosity . it 's the highlights of king david 's high life that propel " alone . " like all of goines 's heroes , king david is a scourge on the periphery , and the movie dramatizes his corrosive effect on the margins with savvy muscularity . every life he touches he leaves in ruins - a need to deface beauty as a result of self-loathing is implicit , and dmx signals that motivation with sly hostility . to say that king david is the best part he 's ever had is an understatement ; he has never felt the need to inhabit a movie in this way before . i would recomed this to anyone who likes the hip hop lifestyle or music and for anyone who like films with a twist
camera pos 954.txt considering the price this camera works great , i use it for taking family pics and is wonderful . what i dont like is the lack of zoom great product anyway
software pos 418.txt i 've used adobe products for years and years and will continue to do so
dvd neg 80.txt well , i wrote the review about this set , and boy was i disappointed when i got it . i see that the company who produced it must have paid very little in royalties as there are numerous silent episodes and ones with the lesser caracters . 1 disc has spanky and alfalfa and the fifth is a sad attempt at filling out this collection . the transfers are terrible and the sound is worse . come on guys , at least try to put some effort into it ! ! ! i got the set , watched it&lt ; and traded it in at the local hock shop for something i could use . what a waste of money ! !
music pos 395.txt if you liked the original clerks soundtrack , then you 're sure to love this . thirteen years after we heard randall and dante rant and ramble on about hermaphrodites and name-calling during sex on the first clerks soundtrack , now we are blessed with the opportunity to hear these two anti-heroes discuss other pointless issues like racial slurs and which movie trilogy is , in fact , the real trilogy . and we , the clerks fans , get to hear these meaningless dialogues in between every music track . oh , and did i mention the music ? terrific ! kevin smith 's choices are so fitting for each scene in the movie . it 's not too difficult to imagine that kevin has been thinking about these track choices for a long time . in typical kevin smith fashion , the usual array of artists are included as well as some cool surprises . you 've got your typical soul asylum and alanis morrisette as well as king diamond and an unexpected jackson 5 dance number . if you have not seen the movie , please make sure to do so before purchasing the soundtrack . doing so is sure to give the songs so much more meaning as you listen to them . overall , a really good soundtrack compilation that is sure to please any clerks fan .
health neg 530.txt when i bought this , the other review was n't posted yet . now , please benefit from our two reviews . this thing is a total joke . useless , too small ( i have larger hotel samples ) . i too would like to return this , but i just do n't have time before christmas . amazon should not offer this item . it is a complete let down , over priced and just a joke . no fooling
software neg 495.txt if one is looking for an educational program to help a child learn there are much better programs on the market than mia . unfortunately we bought this as a package of mia and all suffer from the same issues . first , it takes 2 cds and a game cannot be completed without switching to the 2d cd . that compounds the problem that mia cannot be loaded on the hard drive so the game cannot be played unless the cd is loaded . having programs that require the loading of cds to play them is a pain in the neck because children do not handle cds properly and an adult must change the cds . most programs have only one cd but this one requires two . mia programs are more like video games than educational software . they are comparable to video games like spiderman and sponge bob which are puzzles to be solved . that is the problem with the mia programs . the child spends an inordinate amount of time manuevering between the educational activities so that most of the time is spent manuevering and little time is spent on education . and it can be frustrating for the child , even a child that is very adept at video games . yet because mia is more of a video game than an educational resource , children who are video game geeks like mia . mia 's science is better than mia 's math and reading because at least a written scenario is provided which helps out . but like all the mia programs , the program hangs at times so that the child cannot complete the game . worse yet because the program is always active , the hibernation and suspend operations on the computer do not function so the program must be shut down should the child leave the computer . another problem that all the mia programs suffer from is that the video only occupies a small part of the monitor screen so that the effects are dimished . other educational software fill the full screen although to mia 's credit , when the user exits the program it restores the screen to its original resolution , something not all educational softwere does . the mia programs do have humor in them which is enertaining to children and what educational material there is , is somewhat useful . the game is very lengthy . it takes hours to complete a mission . the oral instructions do not always match the written ones which are the correct ones , and are confusing to children . as the game progresses , lag time increases between segments
dvd pos 856.txt i stumbled across this movie on cable a couple of years ago , having nothing better to do i watched it . my first impression was that it would be just another stoner movie were nothing really happens . i was suprised though because not only does it have a plot it has a interesting plot . you do n't have to be stoned , or even a stoner to enjoy this movie . one reveiwer said somthing along the lines of it looking like grade school kids made it . well it is true it was an independent film made on the cheep but think it actualy adds something to the over all feel of the film , like your actualy there , scrapping through life with the characters . i guess i can understand why some people wouldnt get this movie , not enough bells and whisels , but if your up for something differnt give it a try . by the way , the movie was based on a book of the same name , also very good and differnt
software neg 47.txt first of all , the many samples i viewed in browsing this software are the same object just turned different angles . there are far fewer images than the number touted . this is a scam in my opinion , but a situation i could live with . but the major issue is that most of the photo images i have searched for my actual use have very poor , actually totally unusable resolution . they have corrupted clarity , poor pixel quality , are distorted , and unsuitable except for perhaps , a third grader 's school project . it was a complete waste of money . it is headed for the first garage sale i hold , and i will offer it for 50 cents with a non-return policy .
software neg 438.txt i just bought this yesterday , and though the product description here on amazon says it 's compatible with windows 98 and windows me , the packaging says " taxcut usb drive is compatible with windows 2000 and windows xp . " all our taxes for several years have been done on a windows me computer with a usb port . now what ? help !
camera neg 928.txt this cable did not fit my camera as stated . because of the cost factor , i chose not to return it . the shipping was more than the cable was worth
health neg 178.txt with in the first 4 days and only 3 uses my bottom plate was already flaking ...it catches your hair and the only to get it out is to pull which does hurt ....it works ok the first couple of times but i find i am scared to put it on a high temp cuz i dont want it to flake so if you have 30$ and you want this product keep saving and get a better one ....this product is not worth your time
camera neg 205.txt i admit that i 'm far from an expert on digital cameras . i did take over 32 , 000 photographs with 35mm cameras for over 20 years . i purchased a 510 powershot in july of 2005. it was n't too long before the zoom on the cameras lens would n't work . i contacted canon over this and can you believe this company had the audacity to charge me for shipping their faulty camera back to them . i can understand them saying , ' we 'll charge you at first , but once we establish that the fault is due to us , we 'll then reimburse you back . ' i enclosed a type written letter with the camera asking that canon contact me when they received my camera ( in the mail ) and i also asked that they contact me when it was being shipped back . ( i also emailed them the same request ) . neither of my wishes was ever fulfilled on canon 's behalf . that in itself was enough for me and i 've been bitter about that ever since . i 've also told every person that i 've met who wanted to buy a digital camera about this incident . i 'm pleased to say , i 've steered most away from this company . what else can i say about this camera : this camera is slow at times after its taken a picture . i 've missed out on some good shots due to this . it eats batteries like there 's no tomorrow so one must have rechargeable aa 's to even make this camera worth its while . i 've not used other digital cameras so maybe they are all this way but if i take a 3 minute movie ( with this camera ) in my home during the day and go outside , most things outside are very white . almost like looking at an infra red photograph . when filming outside , when one goes inside during the day , everything is dark . like i said , maybe all digital cameras are this way ? i would n't recommend this camera or anything that canon makes if you want my personal opinion . think about that . you have to pay the shipping for a camera that 's barely a few months old and still under warranty . that 's disgusting , that 's all i have to say . there should be a zero for this , not a 1 star
software pos 416.txt i 've been a photoshop user since version 3 and this upgrade is worth every penny . i upgraded from version 7 and cs2 is clearly a step up . upgrading was a no-brainer . the only negative is adobe bridge - i prefer the file browser that ps 7 had but i can live with it . the floating image windows is also a nice touch - you are no longer confined to the ps main window . all of my add-ons worked perfectly including fits liberator and the ptlens suite
camera pos 728.txt excellent ! they have a really long life and are the perfect backup for your rechargeables
dvd neg 716.txt i agree with everyone that wants old nick . i remember putting on the tv and watching legends of the hidden temple , guts , are you afraid of the dark ? and so on . put them on dvd . people would surely buy it
music pos 838.txt i have just purchased this cd ( the day it came out ! ) and from what i 've heard , it is amazing , surpassing ( but not replacing ) boulez 's earlier recording . if you are a fan of boulez , 20th century music , or music in general , this is a must get
camera neg 28.txt at 300mm this lens is very soft , it 's hard to get a shot that looks like it 's in focus . to do so , you need to shoot at about f / 11 , and then since there is little light available , you usually have to bump the iso to 800 or 1600 just to get an acceptable shutter speed . of course , the high iso then introduces other artifacts . the focus is also dead slow and often does n't lock on . this is a lens that i have constantly fought with . do n't upgrade to the new 70-300 is either , as it 's only marginally better . buy the 70-200 f / 4l . it 's a far superior lens
software pos 602.txt product is excellent does what it says and then some . instruction for installation and operating are very easy to follow ( a winner in my book ) . i had issues unrelated to this product running into problems with the stereo i was using in the fact that it did n't have outputs for audio so i was forced to use the headphone jack which required further purchasing adapters for the rca cable was a bit frustrating but had nothing to do with this product . i converted 2 albums last night into wav files cleaned them up with the audio cleaner included in the software . used the editing ripper included to split the 1 recording into separate tracks , actually the software does that for you but you have the option to preview there start and ending points for each of the tracks in case it may be off . i only had minor adjustments the ripper was pretty much on the money , overall . i then downloaded the encoder recommended to work with this software and converted the wav files into mp3 's with no problem . this is an excellent buy for those out there looking to do there own audio transfer of lp 's and cassettes . the sound is excellent on playback .
books pos 812.txt through much prayer and research , i was lead to this book . after reading it i understand the four step approach and can use it in all my educational experiences for my children . i felt so much more comfortable homeschooling my children . i felt i had really been taught how to homeschool ! it is not only informative , but interesting.a rare combination in how to books !
software neg 650.txt this item puts more spyware on the pc then it takes away do not bu
camera neg 66.txt hey this is for everyone buying cameras over the world out of the united states , i have a problem with my camera and i do n't have anyone to help , i 've been trying some help in amazon 's help area but they just have thousands of links but any simple email where i can ask for some help , i do n't really understand why is this site so well known on & quot ; customer service&quot ; , but i just cannot communicate with no one in the company to ask anything , i 'm just mad about this , if anyone can help me to contact amazon or fujifilm please post an email or whatever cause there 's no such a thing like help in the & quot ; help area&quot ; . i need to repair my lcd monitor of my camera , it 's really fragile , so if you 're still thinking on buying in this site or even buying something from fujifilm , do n't do it , they do n't care about the customer satisfaction at all
music neg 139.txt can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain
dvd neg 657.txt *no spoilers* we had enough of lame japanese films . this new " wave " of horror movies like " the ring , " " pulse " and now " the grudge 2 " does n't seem to have an end . the genre is played out but that did n't stop the producers from creating this sequel which is a sad and incomprehensible follow-up of the decent 2004 first version . to understand this film- -which is nearly impossible until the end- -you would have to see the first movie . brief story : the film has basically three plots , but in a way they are connected to each other . the first plot is a follow-up of what happened to karen davis ( sara michele gellar ) who barely survived the ghosts of the haunted house . mrs. davis ( joanna cassidy ) asks her other daughter aubrey to investigate what happened to her sister karen . she travels to japan to bring sara home . now in japan , she finds her in the hospital very paranoid about the ghosts of the house , but something terrible is about to happen . the second plot is about three school girls who visit the haunted house . one of the girls has to go to the closet for some kind of initiation that we do n't know about . suddenly the girl sees the ghost of the child . she tries to get out but the door jammed . they all panic and leave the girl in the closet with the ghost . unfortunately , they are about to find out the hard way that the place was not to be visited . the third plot takes place in the us where a new family moves to an old building . a young kid suddenly notices that the building is haunted and the " strange lady " that lives next door has something to do with it . people are starting to act weird in this building because of the evil presence . review : less scary and sillier than the original , " the grudge 2 " takes you to a boring and confusion movie experience . the movie suffers from too many plots that confuse the audience rather than scare them . we have to wait until the end to find out how everything relates to each other . this time around the ghosts are outsourcing from japan to the us . they do n't care whether you visit the house or not . now these menaces are getting medieval to people for no apparent reason . these ghosts behave now like viruses that will haunt and kill whoever is on their way- -even a young little boy- -just to show their rage . the so-called scary moments are not scary at all . they are lame , mechanical and cheap imitations of the original 2004 first version . what 's sad is that , this time around , the writers have to make the actresses show some " skin " to please the male teen audience . this is what the filmmakers have to use to get some kind of momentum going for this movie . in the technical department the movie does n't do a good job either . the editing is very sloppy and extremely confusion . we have three plots that are poorly mixed together . sometimes we are in japan and sometimes the ghosts are outsourcing in the us . the photography of the film is identical to its predecessor , but that 's the only thing that resemblances the original . in the sound department , the movie will make you laugh . we hear sillier noises than the original . instead of getting scared , you might laugh at the sounds these ghosts make- -we personally like the angry " kitty " sound . the verdict : a terrible sequel of a decent horror film , " the grudge 2 " could have been a straight-to-video release if it was n't for the beautiful sara michelle gellar . no scary moments but many funny ones- -unintentionally , of course .
music neg 36.txt michael jackson is one of the most gifted songwriters / singers of our time . you can discuss his person , you can discuss his behaviour , and all the other stuff , but you ca n't really take that away from him . and that 's exactly why this album is so unacceptable , coming from someone like him - when you 've reached superstardom and gone beyond it , you do n't release a record that 's so horribly mixed up and full of second grade tracks that it 's bound to be a faliure . at least , you should expect to hear for it . and hear for it he did , cause the critics did n't go lightly on this one . and it 's not that bad , actually . i mean , that 's what i have my program function in my cd-player for , and my cd-burner . the album starts on a fair streak - unbreakable , heartbreaker and invincible - are all fair tracks - below average for mj , sounds like a watered down selection of discarded tracks from dangerous that were then discarded for history and then discarded for blood on the dance floor , and full of badly placed guest rappers to top it off - but apart from that , if you forget who made this music , these are actually good , funky dance tracks . for michael jackson they 're passable , but nothing more . *skip* on to track 8 - speechless - arguably the strongest moment on the record . one of only two tracks that jackson actually penned himself , and it shows . the amount of emotion in his voice will knock you prone , and actually proves very well what the rest of the album lacks : joy for the music , and personal emotion . the lyrics are like a poem , and one of the most beautiful love declarations in all their simplicity . top grade to jackson for this one track , and if you are into his music , buy the cd cheeply just to get this track . track 9 - 2000 watts - is another of the stronger moments of the record . this one is simply plain fun , and that 's another important lesson jackson should have lurned - to let go of the reigns , and stop caring whether it 's hip or street or down with the trend - because it is n't - but this is darn good pop music , and nigh irresistable . *skip* on to track 13 - cry - penned by r . kelley . the same r . kelley who is guilty of writing one of the most horrible songs of all times ( i believe i can fly , if you had doubts ) , but it seems that with jackson , he can do no wrong . he wrote the endearing you are not alone - major hit in europe - and this track is possibly even better . oh , forget about the sappy lyrics , and just enjoy the wonderfull music . this is pop writing in top class , and if jackson sounds like he takes the marthyr role a bit too seriously , it 's still one of the best tracks on the record . track 14 - the lost children - is the other song penned by michael alone , and it 's not a bad effort - had it not been for the children choir and sleezy intro , you could probably have ignored the lyrics and enjoyed a nice pop tune . as it is , it falls somewhat flat , and becomes completely choking in the end - but yes , it 's a nice tune . thumps up , mr . jackson . track 15 - whatever happens . ok , that 's one weird track . michael jackson featuring santane . wtf ? well , kudos for doing this , and it actually works , in a sort of absurd way . not single potential , and not a classic , but it 's not embarassing , and as an album filler , it 's completely acceptable as a cureosity . well , what about the rest of it then ? lead single you rock my world was never my favorite - the spoken intro is downright embarassing - but the track is not bad . i can accept that on the record . the same is not true for the horrible ballads break of dawn , heaven can wait , butterflies , you are my life and do n't walk away . one is worse than the next , and every time i just try to listen to them , i start chocking to the degree of loosing my last meal . yes , it 's that bad , no really , it 's horrible . i . can't . stand . these . songs . period . there are simply no redeeming qualities for me . and then the two monstrosities - privacy and threatened - that just sound like a very - very - bad joke on the man himself . tabloid junkie from history actually worked , because it packed a great punch , and well , had not been heart before . well it had been , it was pretty much the same as why you wanna trip on me from dangerous , but still . it worked . ghosts was a good track of blood on the dance floor . forget about the movie that was - well , embarassing . but the music was good . these tracks aren't . they sound dated , repetitive , out of place and utterly boring and uninspired . get over it jackson , we do n't want to hear more about the media nagging you , it 's not going to make them go away . well , all in all , what do we have ... to take the album from a to z : unbreakable - 6 / 10 - a fair dance track . heartbreaker - 6 / 10 - same . invincible - 6 / 10 - same . break of dawn - 0 / 10 - horrible r'n'b overproduced . vomit . heaven can wait - 0 / 10 - same . you rock my world - 5 / 10 - well , at least it sounds new . butterflies - 0 / 10 - more vomit . speechless - 10 / 10 - the flower in the dirt . one true mj song . 2000 watts - 8 / 10 - very enjoyable , and stands out tall compared to the rest . you are my life - 0 / 10 - even more vomit . privacy - 2 / 10 - yawn . repetitive and dated . do n't walk away - 0 / 10 - end of vomit . cry - 9 / 10 - beautiful showmanship , kelly + jackson works - again . the lost children - 6 / 10 - well , it has potential . whatever happens - 7 / 10 - interesting , and well , refreshing , if somewhat strange . threatened - 2 / 10 - same as privacy , and exactly as boring . this yields and average about 3.6 / 10 , or 2 / 5 stars , which actually matches my fealings for this album fairly well . yes , i 'm harsh , but from a man as gifted as jackson , you just expect more . quality control next time , please , mr . jackson . on the bottom line : outtakes the way you love me and we 've had enough showed up on the 2004 ultimate collection and outranked 2 / 3 of this album by far . go figure
music pos 876.txt incredible follow up to rated r which i did n't think could be equaled and they did . flat out incredible songwriting , amazing vocal identity and muscianship at its best . if you grew up in the 70 's as i did and miss those albums that you would play constantly from beginning to end then this album is for you . " go with the flow " is one of the greatest rock singles of all time but you wo n't be skipping any songs on this disc . baby boomers rejoice , rock is back
books neg 665.txt mr. haqqani 's views about his mother country are very dubious . the only question i have for the author as he served in some very corrupt governments as their partner...what has he done for his home land ? nothing ! ! ! this book in waste of time .
camera neg 36.txt i only wish i could return this camera . its automatic focus does not work well in photographing landscape scenes and plants ( what i do most ) and its manual focus is difficult ( very difficult ) to use . my much cheaper , and lower resolution , old minolta does a much better job in low light conditions . i find i have to delete half my photographs due to bad focus . in addition , photo files take 5 to 6 seconds to save to my so-called high-speed memory card . do n't buy this camera
dvd neg 971.txt what a mind-numbingly inept end chapter to a series that began with the greatest horror-comedy of all time , the re-animator . continuing in his deluded quest to claim the re-animator series for his own , and to convince us that he can direct , producer brian yuzna has managed the opposite . beyond re-animator merely confirms what was evident about the yuzna-directed bride of re-animator , that yuzna knows nothing about directing actors and story . as with dagon , yuzna seems to have secured financing from spanish sources for this film . unfortunately , the problem is that they also tried to force in a mostly spanish cast . this is a story set in massachusetts , for crying out loud - - why would the warden of the prison , the reporter coming to cover the story , the guards , and a good 90 per cent of the inmates all have spanish accents ? it would n't be as howlingly horrible if these guys could act , but they can't . simon andreu as warden brando and elsa pataky as love interest laura olney get the most screentime of anyone in the cast , but their acting is so bad , and their adr-afflicted lines so glaringly off , that they manage to sink the film every time they open their mouths . yuzna seems to pick his leading ladies based on their willingness to take off their clothes ( witness the gratuitous " nurse nipple " scene in this film , or fabiana udenio and kathleen kinmont in bride of re-animator ) , and pataky makes for one of the most unsympathetic love interests i can remember . but even pataky and andreu pale in incompetence next to that blustery , seething mass of bad acting that is leading man jason barry . based on yuzna 's shoddy history with actors , one might be tempted to blame it on the director , but the fact is that in this film , jason barry is incapable of pulling off a single believable moment , basic elementary acting . his every internal and external beat rings false , his dialogue delivery sounds like a cold reading , and even his basic body movements look like amateur theatre . most high-school students do better than this . jeffrey combs as herbert west , seasoned pro that he is , gamely plays along , but the script puts west 's character so far off to the sideline in favour of the vomit-inducing pataky-andreu axis that combs is unable to save this film . on a strictly technical level , the cinematography looks good , the score is all right ( though often too serious-minded for its own good ) , and the film does n't look low-budget . but when the " story " is such a mess and the actors so inept , no amount of slick lighting and camera moves can save a film . yuzna really should stick with producing , because on the stuart gordon-directed dagon , at least there were some good moments . but beyond re-animator is beyond salvaging , possibly the worst film sequel i 've ever seen , and way up there in the list of worst films i 've ever subjected myself to
books pos 905.txt this book does a fine job explaining the facts of biblical archaeology . the latest discoveries are listed which makes it a solid addition to the book & quot ; the bible as history . &quot
software neg 140.txt i have to qualify this review by saying that i do not own pm 8.0 , so i cannot fairly give a rating , despite overwhelmingly negative reviews . i can only relate personal experience with norton / symantec products . i do own and have used pm 6.0 since ' 01 when it was still powerquest instead of norton / symantec and it has worked very well , though the gui is a bit quirky . i have run it with 2 drives , one with 98se and xp pro , with pm loaded on 98se partition and it did everything i needed on both drives . trouble is , version 5.0 is , afaik , not compatible with xp and since m$ no longer supports 98se , we have a problem , houston . currently i am using a mobile drive bay to switch drives as needed . if i get a drive partitioning software product compatible with xp , it most assuredly will not be anything produced by norton / symantec , based on these reviews and personal experience with norton / symantec products . i first bought a computer in ' 98 and used norton antivirus 5.0. at that time , norton was probably the best antivirus product out there . it worked flawlessly and i used and recommended it for years . no more . i purchased a copy of symantec system works 2005 right after it was released . long story short , i no longer use norton products because i got tired of the system crashes and stability issues caused by the unstable bloatware and system resource hog that it has become , and am currently using a competing product that is very highly rated but is not common on the shelves of the big box stores . there is one lone symantec product i still use- --windoctor , which is not installed on my ' puter but ran from the cd as needed . adios , anything else produced by norton / symantec . it ai n't worth the headaches when there are much better products available for less coin .
music pos 3.txt this band reminds me of the thrill i first got when i listened to an atreyu album . it dies today rip off the former bands style , but they are still a very good band . in the over-crowded metalcore market of today , that is a rarity . my only complaint , is that the vocalist has a beautiful singing voice ( as heard on " the radiance ) , but more often then not goes for the screams and growls that are associated with this type of music . still 5 / 5 material though . favorite songs : " the radiance , " " freak gasoline fight , " " our disintigration , " and :the caitliff choir:defeatism
dvd neg 11.txt " incredible " i saw one review describing this production . the meaning of the word must have been changed in the dictionary because this is not incredible . it is slow , convoluted and uninspired . no chemistry exists between the actresses , with no connection to the audience .
dvd neg 749.txt i bought this dvd for my grandson because he loves airplanes and trains . too much commentary and very little action shots of trains and airplanes . it did not keep his interest , a total waste of money
books pos 868.txt this book is great . a must read for anyone who has struggled with weight or health problems .
music pos 251.txt his singing style is very unique as are his lyrics . he has an eclectic mix of love songs , " we are the world " type songs and a few others on this album . he has the staying power for long the long term and i would love to see him mature throughout the years and watch to see where he goes . i loved streetcorner symphony ! it is so upbeat it can pull me out of whatever is ailing me . lonely no more is my theme song for right now in my life - needless to say i am replaying grooves in that one ! enjoy this album - i sure do
dvd pos 824.txt great to own such a john candy / dan akroid classic . not recommended for children . quite a lot of profanity
dvd pos 792.txt well , almost . the seats were good and i drank straight out of the bottle . the dvd was n't what i thought i had purchased but i 'm not at all unhappy about getting it . very , very , very good quality audio / video and i do n't mind watching it often
books neg 849.txt yuck . this book was totally boring . well , maybe you 'll like it if you 're , like , 7 or 8 years old or something . not only is it totally boring , but poorly written . which surprised me because ann m. martin is certainly not a bad writer ! i 'm really glad she left the bsc and started writing a new series about them . the bsc books are soo boring and childish . please - a hard to handle babysitting adventure is when the dog runs loose for 2 seconds . do n't waste your time reading the bsc books . they are all pretty dumb
books pos 940.txt some of patterson 's conclusions were a bit of a reach . some of his segways were n't all that smooth . but this book is just plain entertaining . it is chopped full of stories on rockstars making deals with the devil , lingering around after death , and backed up with just enough innuendo-ish research for it to almost be believable . well , some of it actually believable . patterson scribes on about various rockstar-occult alliances ( in particular the rolling stones and led zeppelin ) and uses quotes from the musicians themselves .
health neg 189.txt it did what it was supposed to do , and my bras came out of the wash without any weird creases . however , some bras hold up better in the washing machine than others , and i think the one i put into the brababy was one of the more durable ones . while it does what it 's supposed to , it definitely is not easy to use . i had difficulty putting a b-size cup in without squishing the bra . the clasp is also badly designed . if it breaks , it 's not a big deal to tie the outer ball closed , but the whole thing is poorly engineered . i think it was made even harder seeing as how i tried using the brababy with a front-closing racer back . in the end , i think it would have been easier and just as effective to use a lingerie bag . i do n't recommend this product
books neg 57.txt i was raised in virginia and never understood the details of the battle of yorktown . now i see the big picture and how all the regional events in the glorious cause fit together . immediately after finishing this book i returned to yorktown with an entirely different understanding . i could relive the battle as if i had been there during the war . it was fascinating ! i never learned this from history books . male age 60
health pos 304.txt i had bought a tingler elsewhere for $20 , plus shipping , so when i saw this one advertised for $9 , i was a bit hesitant that it was n't the real tingler , but a cheap knock-off ( especially since they show no picture ) . but , i decided to risk it and was pleasantly surprised to find out that it is not only the real tingler , it is also shipped in a pretty velvet pouch for wonderful gift-giving . amazon , of course , also offers free shipping for $25 or more , so i bought 3 and got them all shipped free ! great deal ! and , by the way , it is incredible ! it really did send little shivers down my spine the first few times i used it . while you sort of get used to the feeling after a while and the little shivers may disappear , it still feels fabulous on your head
music neg 784.txt roni griffith has just come out with her new release " only you " its great ! ! ! ! ! [...]she has come back so much stronger . check it out . evi
music pos 317.txt i love every track on ne-yo 's cd " in my own words ! " next let me thank ne-yo for bringing true r&b back to the industry ! i dont consider songs about cheating on your bf / gf / husband / wife r&b . r&b is supposed to be about love - thats why people call them slow love songs . and from 2001 - 2005 new slow love songs did n't exist . i ended up listenin to the same songs from da 90 's over and over until i got so tired of them , and was fortunate to be lucky enough for my radio station ( that plays mostly rap : a genre of music i dont like ) to play " so sick " by ne-yo . it was a great song . this is literally the first and only r&b album that i never have the urge to use the fast forward feature to get to the next song ! ne-yo 's lyrics are strictly romantic and sweet too ! he is a lyrical genius . his voice is soothing and melodic . most r&b albums obviously have rap tracks or rushed r&b songs as filler to probably meet the deadline or get the cd out as fast as possible and reducing the enjoyability of the cd , but this album has all songs that are great . all of the tracks on this album are great , but here are the ones that are superb : 1. so sick - 9 / 10 ( would be a 10 if it was n't played over and over and with so many different versions . although i can still listen to it over and over 2. when you 're mad - 9 / 10 ( for those guys who like the look on girls faces when they get mad . maybe for michelle rodriguez fans . : ) ) 3. get down like that 10 / 10 ( both versions ) ( i call it " dont get down like that " ) ( this song is for the guys that are completely faithful like me ) ( if you 're not a player , and proud of being faithful , this is da song for you ) 4. sexy love - 10 / 10 ( great song . um hmmm. . what can i say about this one about its lyrics ? .... oh yes... . this song is for the guys who have a girl and when she touches them , it just feels like... . magic . ) this is da only cd dat ever deserved 5 stars by me , the only reason i gave other r&b albums 5 stars is cuz i took into consideration : there was no r&b album that existed that had nothing but good tracks , and most had poorly done upbeat song
software pos 897.txt the computer game version of the number devil closely follows the book , as kids progress through sections on prime numbers , the fibonacci series , pascal 's triangle , and an infinite series approaching one . nine of the ten games worked well for us , but nobody in the family was ever able to complete the tenth , the arrow game . we understood the math , but could n't react quickly enough to shoot down all the arrows . this was disappointing , because we could never reach the bonus section . all in all , though , this is a good investment for a child , 8 or up , who loves or wants to understand the mystery of numbers
books pos 415.txt this book is a comprehensive guide that presents a lot of useful information concerning intelligent design for beginners . my rating is short of five stars due to the lack of more biological examples that refutes darwinism on the basis of providing a poor explanation on evolution
dvd neg 77.txt who would give the green light to this ? it is a total remake of the 1968 classic . the only difference is that there is a slight revamp to reflect modern times . since it mirrors the original then it deserves what the biggest complaint hsould be of it...it pales in comparison to the original . this was really weird to remake this movie . " dawn of the dead " was cool b / c it had a new , fresh spin to the story . this has no scares , no atmosphere , no innovations and no riveting performances . skip this one
health neg 588.txt i like to use the wet wipes , they 're good products . i gave only 2 stars because the package was n't packed well . i received the package this week . all seals of three boxes were broken , lids fell off , and the wipes were everywhere in the package , they were dried up , but the amazon packing box was all soaked wet , and it almost fell apart . what a mess it was !
software neg 867.txt i bought this software because i really wanted to learn spanish and be fluent . the price and marketing of the company made me believe that this package was the most complete package on the market . so i was very excited to receive it after spending $450 on a software . my excitement did not last long after that . i was shocked to see how the software itself looked , i was expecting a top of the line interface for the price i paid but that software seemed years old . but i still wanted to get my money worth so tried the first level for hours , even days , as i was convinced i could learn spanish with it . i also tried the other 2 levels to make sure that my issue was not only with that first level . i had looked at the demo and noticed that most of the content was based on that same acitivity with the 4 pictures . i was expecting different exercises for the full version...the software gets so repetitive , i was really disappointed , even more because of the outrageous price of that package
camera neg 528.txt i 've just returned this camera for poor facial image quality after using it extensively for months . my regular camera is a fuji finepix s602z which is large and bulky , but , takes superb facial shots . i tried the casio due to needing something small to carry in my purse for special events and i 'm heartbroken at the incredible photo opps i 've had that resulted in poor facial quality . do n't buy this camera if you care about what everyone looks like . i 've just ordered the powershot sd1000 because of the facial detection feature on it . hopefully , it is better since i do n't want to have to carry my bulky fuji to get great facial photos . i 'll review the cannon once i 've had it for a few months
camera pos 664.txt the beauty of this charger is that it is 110 / 220v compatable , so with the appropriate international connector you can charge your batteries on european voltage . i have used two of these with the plug adapters and have kept four sets of batteries charged overnight for two olympus cameras giving a day plus of batteries available for each . very few cheap us chargers offer this multi voltage compatability . lots cheaper than multiple voltage convertors . if you plan on traveling internationally , this charger is a must !
health pos 32.txt this is a great drink . i wanted to try something that was different , and this definately fit in . it isnt carbonated , and tastes really good . what i really wanted to know though , was how it worked . there is no caffeine or taurine , and the ingredients list didnt really show anything out of the ordinary . it worked well though , and i was able to stay focused for a long time after drinking it
books pos 463.txt i 'll be honest , i do n't like fiction books . but i 've got to tell you , a mulligan for bobby jobe has changed my mind . mr. cullen adds so much detail that the reader comes away with a sense of actually being in touch with the cast of limited characters and the events taking place . the twists and unpredictable turns make the book a truly unforgettable experience . you do n't need to be a golfer or a fan of golf to enjoy this novel . can lightning strike twice ? absolutely
health pos 452.txt my last braun razor was model 6550 , which i purchased 7 years ago . the braun 8975 is a pleasure using , quick and close shave . the technology has come a long way . i have always used braun and this is by far the best yet .
books neg 87.txt ann coulter is unbelievable in her unrelenting hatred of anyone not in aggreement with her warped sense of reality . to her there is no middle ground . i am an educated , well travelled adult who while born in the united states , spent a good portion of my childhood living overseas and consider myself to be fairly open minded . to be called a communist , a traitor , and an enemy of america just because i do n't buy into the ultra conservative mind think is an insult to the freedom that this country was founded on . i have never in my life considered buring or destroying a book because of it 's evil , until i read this one . be afraid , be very afraid of these people
camera pos 878.txt not too hard and not too soft . camera fits nicely , with compartments for just about anything you need for your camera .
music neg 548.txt this cd was a big seller upon it 's release in 1992 , boasting a plethora of big hits , along with some new songs . looking back through 2005 eyelids , it 's hard to hear why these songs were so huge....the cd starts off well , with hits from the primitive love album , but as one keeps listening , he realizes that none of these songs have passion or depth , a few catchy melodies and pleasant , if plain vocals . the dance numbers at least keep you awake , but the years 1988-92 found estefan leaning on ballads , and one was barely distinguishable from another ; on top of that , the 4 new cuts feel like padding , to fill a cd 's worth of material for a christmastime release...a couple of hits are missing , too ( i.e. , bad boys ) , so to summarize , nothing truly bad here , but precious little on target.. .
software neg 901.txt i was thoroughly disappointed . the first few words i looked up in the thesaurus were not listed - - words like upholstery ! when i went online to see what i might be able to glean from their online site , first fogware had not sent me a coupon , then i had to deal with bad customer service ( i am not doing business with any companies anymore that give bad support ) then after i finally got the coupon code they had left out of my box , the online info is exactly what we have in the cd - - so save your money and do not subscribe to their extended services site unless you need a spanish online dictionary also ! very bad ! i am now going to go buy roget 's and check it out
software pos 115.txt i am a veteran screen printer and am kind of new to the graphic arts side . this purchase has paid for itself over and over now that i do n't have to run to someone else for art . it was rumored that it is hard to find what is needed as there is no computer search for images.. . i guess some people are too lazy to familiarize themselves with the book of images.. . i did and i love this product ! ! ! !
software pos 636.txt high fives to paperport 11 pro ! being in a business where i am constantly told to print this and print that off of one website and another , a product like paperport professional 11 has really come to my rescue . the product has given the opportunity to do something with a document , picture , or file other than printing now when i select the document or file and hit my print option button , i now can print it to a multi-page pdf , if i choose to do so . files that i download , scan , save , or archive are no longer just random clutter on my hard drive , i can retrieve the information from them effortlessly using the product 's powerful search engine . i was thrilled to find that its all-in-one search engine was able to work with files generated in many ms office applications . all i needed to do was remember some of the content text and the pp pro 11 would find the file for me . now i 'm stacking individual ms office files into logically-named pdf groups or using the product to search the web and retrieve information of interest , i find pp pro 11 to be well worth the money and my time to use it .
books neg 422.txt very politically manipulative primer that only gives 5 / 8 of the story . i add 1 / 8 because the author does acknowlege some of the huge problems caused by unbridled global capitalism , but then quickly glosses them over basically saying that these effects are unfortunate , but that free global trade is best for everyone in the long run . there is a lot of interesting incidental information as various terms are explained , but too often this reference becomes a one-sided sermon for free trade . these are the same deceptions that robert reich started pushing under clinton . repubs kept the song going without missing a beat . most of both dem and repub reps support neoliberal policies - the rich get richer in both parties . feel free to read to learn about terms , just be aware that the author is leading you down a highly biased path
dvd neg 498.txt you know the feeling...that feeling of " oh my gosh , how did i ever spend money on this movie and when is it ever going to end ? " well , that 's what unfortunately accompanies this dull and somber film . unfortunately , because of its all-star cast , although this would n't be the first time in movie history where an all-star cast is wasted . aside from an interesting peek into the world of yale 's secret skull and bones society , a delightful cameo by joe pesci and a few too cute-by-half zingers , this movie has little or nothing to offer . it does n't keep one 's attention and by the time you try to care enough about what is going on , you realize that you do n't even care about the characters . matt damon 's skulking and scowling leading role lacks rhythm and chemistry , especially with the beautiful angelina jolie , and he is laughably miscast as a father . in fairness however , with the script he 's been given , it 's hard to see how damon could have done much better . the pacing of the film is extradinarily slow and one can just imagine people walking out of the theater before it ends . a huge disappoinment especially since director deniro is such a talented actor . skip it
camera pos 940.txt i 've had other 3 digital cameras and this is the best i think , i shots very quick , flash is brighty , and even soft flash for more natural shots . can browse pictures very fast and is has a lot of posibilities to edit inside the camera , is light tiny and slim . one of the best cameras . i do n't find a negative feature on it . i love it
music pos 592.txt as much as i hear time and again that " mindcrime " was the seattle quintet 's finest , i always have to argue that this 1986 gem is the pinnacle of their career . while i was a big fan of mindcrime and it 's predecessor " the warning " , rage for order is qr 's most consistent release and is mezmerising from start to finish . in a word. . " perfect " . so few bands can boast having made a perfect album . i can think only of the beatles ( sgt. pepper & revolver to name a few ) , pink floyd ( the wall , dark side ) , dream theater ( images & awake ) , and boston ( debut ) . rage is an album to be listened to and appreciated . released in the hey-day of " hair metal " , this album has not one single song that lends itself to the tag . none of the songs , while very image provoking , could be easily made into an mtv hit . although " gonna get close to you " aired on mtv ( rarely i might add ) it did n't even scratch the surface of this album 's potential . overall , the performances of each member outshine anything before , or since . degarmo and wilton trade licks masterfully . rockenfield and jackson keep a very tight bottom end . tate...well...tate was the metal singer at that time and this was his finest performance . while the mix was somewhat lacking , the production was incredible . each song blends into each other perfectly . this was metal that was unique and completely original . i think the term " thinking man 's metal " was coined at the time . that said , i can think of no other release at the time to which that term could be applied . unlike most of their metal contemporaries at the time , rage was athmospheric , intellectual , and surreal . rage succeeded where priest 's " turbo " failed abysmally . it was a stark vision of the future and the metal was more futuristic than we 'd ever heard before . it was like listening to a whole new machine . it still holds it 's own 20 year later , seeming as fresh and " now " as anything in progressive metal .
music neg 572.txt after two albums of wholly instrumental music , joe satriani apparently decided it was time to start singing . " flying in a blue dream " is the only satriani record with several ( six ) vocal cuts . so how are they ? well , satch 's voice is n't superb , but he does an ok job . the problem really is with the material- - it 's clear he 'd gotten used to writing pieces as guitar features . the only real exception to this in my assessment is frantic electric blues " big bad moon " - - the piece is blazing and explosive , the vocal is passable , and satriani is on fire . but pieces like " ride " , " the phone call " and " strange " are all pretty much forgettable ( well , " ride " is actually a bit too irritating to be forgettable.. . ) . the remainder of the material is a mix between exploratory ( and primarily acoustic ) pieces ( " the feeling " ) which are nice but largley filler and " surfing with the alien " styled instrumentals ( " one big rush " , " back to shalla-bal " ) . the exception is the chugging opener and title track , " flying in a blue dream " , which features satriani at his most lyrical as a guitarist . invariably , the album is a bit too weak for its own good- - it 's probably also a bit too long ( about 65 minutes ) and probably would have benefited from being trimmed down a bit . start with " surfing with the alien " , come back to this if you want more of the same
books pos 998.txt if you are looking for ideas and techniques this is a wonderful book . very well done
health pos 582.txt i purchased the sound therapy radio to take on a trip . my roommate is a snorer , and i figured i needed the sound . i tried it out at home and liked it . it has a good variety of sounds and is easy to figue out how to use . the alarm and clock are added goodies for me as i was looking for a sound machine that was small and light enough for travel . it was a good buy for my purposes .
dvd neg 515.txt this a dreadful example of what jayne was reduced to play in to feed her children and compensate for the lack of earnings of her deadbeat-husbands / lovers . the only reason to watch it would be because mamie van doren was also in it.but be aware ( and i read that in a biography about jayne ) that in their contracts was specified that they would not appear together in any scene whatsoever.so you see them separately in different scenes.also be aware that if you blink , you will not see either of the 2 blonde beauties . conclusion:get this film for a member of your family who is nostalgic for the ways of the ' 'ol ' south ' , or someone with a white hood showing his eyes onl
camera neg 4.txt i received the remote this evening and have not been able to get the remote to work with my canon rebel xt camera . followed the directions that were furnished with the remote to no avail . it appears that this remote is defective
software neg 39.txt i just purchased the hallmark card studio 2004 ( ... ) . everything installed fine but when attempting to print a card , the first side printed fine , but when printing the next side i keep getting the " this program has performed an illegal operation and will shut down " . i have been in contact with their technical support but have not had any luck so far . i have wasted a lot of paper and ink so far in getting just part of a card printed . i am running windows 98se . i will probably be returning this to the store ( if possible ) . it looked to have some nice cards on it , which is basically all i wanted it for , but for some reason will not print correctly on my computer .
software pos 47.txt absolutely the easiest upgrade of a microsoft os that i 've ever done , & as a retired hardware engineer , i 've done a lot in the past . it 's one sweet os
software neg 542.txt if you are accustomed to using other versions of coreldraw , you may not want this version . fact is , they have made many so-called " improvements " which i find are incompatible with other software that i have used in the past . it does not convert to encapsulated postscript ( eps ) files properly , and will crash programs that traditionally work well with eps figures . by contrast , coreldraw 11 worked well . hence the " improvement " has rendered the software a nuisance . if you are accustomed to pasting figures into other software , forget it . coreldraw x3 will not retain the integrity of the original figure , and it will look distorted and crummy . any prior version of coreldraw worked well . again , the " improvement " has made the software a nuisance . on top of that , it crashes a lot . i contacted their " customer service " about a year ago when i first discovered these differences . i was assured that they knew about the problems and were working on them . well , a year later , with no patches to correct these differences , i am now being told that it is everyone else 's fault ( software manufacturers ) that coreldraw is not compatible . i was also told that they have no intention to correct these problems because they do not consider them problems . there is an example of their customer service for you . i have been using coreldraw for a long time , starting with 6 , then 9 , then 11. this is the worst of the bunch by far . i am going back to a previous version .
books pos 973.txt rawlings explores the lives and interations of the odd assortment of people living in cross creek , florida in the early 1900s . it is often assigned reading for teens , but i doubt that most of them can appreciate it . her accounts of neighbors feuding and subsistance living gives us many lessons in human behavior . the lyrical descriptions of wildlife and the orange groves and wild landscape are very appealing . your mouth waters as you read her essays on downhome foods like hush puppies . she turned those into a cookbook which i 'll have to try out . modern readers squirm uncomfortably at her use of the n- -- - - word and her characterization of blacks as irresponsible , drunken , immoral , etc. it is probably a faithful representation of common thinking at the time it was written , so recognize it as a snapshot of the times . then move past that to luxuriate in the beautiful passages in the book . ( i deducted 1 star for this ) the reader becomes absorbed in rawlings ' love of the land and the creation of a home . it gives much the same feelings as a year in provence or under a tuscan sun
software pos 767.txt the last reviewer did n't see any point to this software . partially that 's true- --you do n't need it to create your photostamp , you can do the same thing online . however , there is one big plus to the software product : buying a single sheet of photostamps direct from their website costs $24.99 + $2.99 shipping , at this writing . in contrast , amazon is selling this " boxed " version - --which includes a free voucher for a single sheet of stamps- --for seven bucks less than that . do the math
camera neg 682.txt this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks .
software neg 111.txt after purchasing the program thinking it would perform a through check on my presario running xp home all i get is a message that ssp6 has unexpectedly quite . i emailed tech support w / the info , but so far no response after 10 days . there is no # to call for support . maybe i overlooked something . also , i submitted the rebate form which came on the package , but was told that the seller was not participating in the rebate program and i need to check w / them . i did and they said they shipped what vcom had provided them , which included a rebate form if doing a competitive upgrade . not very impressed w / either the software or the company . would never buy another product from these guys , even when the price after rebate is 0. lof
books neg 103.txt i found this book at a thrift store for 25 cents . i flipped though it and it looked dated , but interesting , so i decided to get it . as other reviewers mention , it is dated - - but you gotta know that up front when you get it . it 's published in 1986 , when there were no ( well , almost no ) home computers . so you have to accept up front that it 's talking about organizing papers using more papers - - but that 's something we still all got to do occasionally . so it 's a system of notepads , file folders , etc. it does help you try to understand why you want to keep papers , etc , and what you can do about it . however , it does get overly complex , and really does n't seem applicable in today 's world , where there are far fewer " homemakers " who spend time organizing sewing and recipe files , as this book seems to be focused on . finally , i have to mention that it was the continual religion-related references that put me off to the book in the end . others who are comfortable with this may not even notice it , but for me , i felt i was being preached to a bit too much to find it tolerable . just my personal taste ; i 'm sure some others will disagree with this judgement , but i have to admit after enough casual religion references tossed randomly throughout the text , i gave up on the book and put it in the recycle bin
health pos 100.txt it is really good enough for my need . i have no problems so far
dvd pos 134.txt spoiler alert the ending of this 118-minute marvel seems an almost foregone conclusion . the bored billionaire did it . however , he and the sexy insurance detective play with each other until the audience is very , very hot . pierce brosnan , the billionaire , still sexist from his stint as james bond , enjoys playing with the lady , renee russo . and she , as the tough but sexy catherine olds banning , loses her heart to him , as much heart as such a sexpot character is allowed . in the process , she shows some very appealing nipples . the 1968 version , of which this is a remake , starred steve mcqueen and faye dunaway . in this version , to the socially irresponsible , self-absorbed 90s are ever present . we do n't mind not having the suspense , we just yearn to see brosnan and russo " get it on . " dunaway appears as a psychiatrist who is trying to help the billionaire figure out why he is so socially irresponsible . brosnan , as thomas crown , is bored , but open to being titillated by a beautiful woman , for as long as he is interested in her . for thrills , he steals priceless works of art from publicly-funded museums . the film makes it clear he can do so , under the noses of security guards , police , and hundreds of innocent art-lovers . russo 's insurance company insured the painting , so she is looking to recover the irreplaceable , but impossible to fence monet , and save her employer a bundle . what we have here is a film with clever dialog , rich and exotic sets , and loads of sexual tension . one wonders now , after enron , worldcom , tyco , and other corporate heists , just whom brosnan is cheating in order to support his high-tech heist brigade . how many of his employees are going to lose their pensions or health care benefits over this . he never really , you know , works . but i digress . dennis leary has a character role as the streetwise new york detective , who advises russo 's banning . as we watch her slowly spiral out of control , risking her job and her reputation , we are kept mildly engaged in the question of whether russo will fall for him , or brosnan . duh . the film moves back and forth from caper to cover-up . this can be confusing , but who cares ? all we have to do is wait for their next move , the next gorgeous set , the next revealing love scene . the thomas crown affair will keep both men and women interested , for all the usual reasons . it is a film worth watching , and a great date flick
software pos 780.txt one of the best programs that i have to work with cd & dvd
dvd neg 660.txt i heard that the nfl was releasing the past superbowls on dvd , i was excited to say the least . then i found out these are only highlight films . a real dissappointment to say the least . the films are available in their entirety ; why not release them ? i was willing to pay well over one hundred dollars for each box of ten super bowls , as were several of the people that i was at a super bowl party with this year . too bad the nfl fell short again .
books pos 447.txt a must have for anybody interested in golf course architecture . as great as pebble beach is today , you 'll wonder why it was ever changed after seeing the old photos of it following chandler egan 's work in 1929 ! buy this beautiful book and you wo n't be disappointed
music neg 552.txt okay , here is the major problem with this release : it is not a tuffgong / island release . the marley family has struggled with this reality for a long time . because bob 's music has become so widespread and lacks the legal protections that american and european recording artists have enjoyed for decades , his recordings have gone onto the cheap market ( flea markets , push carts , gas stations , etc-and now amazon ) . buying one love only serves to strengthen these sleazy record companies and hurts reggae artists and the jamaican economy . look closely at the albums before you buy them . find out what label has produced them and try to stick with tuffgong when possible .
books pos 437.txt perfectly simple and indistinguishable from the " real " amazon - except the price . thanks for everything
books pos 95.txt i suppose one of the great attributes of the internet is that it allows the juxtaposition of the good , the bad and the ugly . where else could one find reviews of one of the twentieth century 's towering works that variously describe it as a recipe for a police state , an incitement to theft , or as written by someone with no understanding of philosophy ( my personal favourite - thanks adrian !
music neg 419.txt history has a way of making the radical seem conservative , and certainly within the context of cecil taylor 's music , his debut album , " jazz advance " is rather conservative . taylor , known for his relentless , dense music , did not emerge fully formed ( although even at this early date , his music is far removed from his hard bop contemporaries ) , but developed over time . for those of us who enjoy taylor 's music , this record is a historical curiosity , for anyone else , its either going to sound as one permutation further from the early ornette coleman idiom ( indeed , this music is far closer to coleman 's sound than anything taylor would be doing in the ' 60s or later ) . my understanding is that when this was first released , it raised quite a stir . its a bit difficult to see why . taylor is largely melodic- - performing pieces with coherent themes- - his experimentations seem to be in the use of block chords , odd inversions , and in soloing underneath the primary voice at this point . the record is four originals and four standards , and as one would suspect , taylor largely breathes on his own compositions . he is backed by nearly inaudible bassist buell neidlinger and drummer dennis charles , with soprano sax player steve lacy on two tracks . neidlinger and charles are far closer in the hard bop idiom- - their performances swing , charles in particular is playing way inside hard bop . this puts them a bit at odds with taylor , who , while he gives more space than he would on his later work , is still more of a neoclassical improvising pianist than a jazz pianist . when lacy plays , taylor 's form of comping does n't seem fully formed , or lacy does n't seem quite prepared to play inside taylor 's environment , and as a result he sounds somewhat detached from the pianist . the sounds of the future can clearly be heard on several tracks , " bemsha swing " features many of taylor 's clustered chords and runs , solo piano take on " you 'd be so nice to come home to " presents the theme in a barely recognizable fashion and is as close to his future organized chaos as he 'd get , and while original " rick kick shaw " is far away from where he 'd end up , its the first sign of the short of aggression that taylor would harness in the future . the music is enjoyable enough , but taylor would reach such heights that its hard to not listen to this without comparing it to his future works . the other complaint is the sound- - this issue is from 1991 and is in desparate need of remastering . in the end , this is an album of historical value . if you 're looking for an introduction to taylor 's music and are n't ready to dive head first into his methods , try " looking ahead ! " , its a far superior album by which point neidlinger and charles ( who reprise their roles ) were far more closely integrated with taylor 's music
music pos 54.txt ...because it felt like it predicted that i 'd be listening to the cd someday . i 'm referring to the line " the kids of ad 2000 will draw from the music much the same sense of well being and warmth that we do today . " now i admit that i was 18 in 2000 so i guess i technically missed the literal kid description by a year , but the more general prediction of the inter-generational , timeless appeal of the beatles was right on . i did n't see them on the ed sullivan show . i was born almost twelve years after they broke up , and about a year after the tragic shooting of john lennon . but i , like many , many other people born too late to have experienced beatlemania as it was occuring , have since become a huge fan of all their work . this album has my favorite of all the beatle 's songs : i 'll follow the sun . that song alone is worth the five stars , but thankfully the rest of the album is great too . this album gets a little bit too much grief , and it may not be quite as amazing as something like abbey road , but it 's still better than just about anything else out there .
music pos 45.txt growing up with classical rock and having enjoyed rock music by rod stewart , i did n't think i 'd like this cd . one evening i was having dinner at a friend 's home and they had this one playing . it was beautiful . being a little older now ( in my early 40 's ) , i enjoy more mellow music than the head banging variety that is heard now . this cd of rod 's was nostalgic , romantic and extremely easy to listen to .
software pos 476.txt i purchased this software for my brother to use for his daily reports . he works for a police department and the old documents transferred over quickly and easily
dvd neg 316.txt i watched this with some trepidation , and i have to say it was both better and worse than i thought it would be . it was better because it remained fairly true to the original , in terms of retaining the multiple conflicting story lines and the ambiguous ending . it was worse because the attempts at erotica were less entertaining than the original , and i found stone 's lampshade hairstyle oddly distracting . a couple of things kept me viewing this dvd . one was the london setting , which gave me an opportunity to see what time has done to one of my old home towns . the other was sharon stone 's rather plucky performance , and the presence of charlotte rampling , who has aged into a different kind of beauty . morrisey does n't even come close to filling michael douglas 's shoes , and it 's hard to feel sorry for him at the end . as with the first movie , you are left with the feeling that there was a better film waiting to be made . the basic idea of a psychotic novelist who feels compelled to act out her fantasies in real life is an intriguing one . however , both movies were quick to abandon hitchcockian understatement for speeding cars and gratuitous sex . there 's nothing wrong with either of these things , but here they just get in the way
camera pos 531.txt i bought this together with the sony alpha ( very good deal from amazon ) . the lens is a great complement to the kit lens or the identical but older km 18-70. images are very sharp and the lens is built very well . great for wildlife imaging . the other reviewers are right ; the af is n't too good at the long end of this lens but overall a great camera . the end of the lens does rotate while zooming . it may not be good for some filters
camera pos 28.txt i am very happy with this set of filters . the price was right and they come with a carry case so you dont have to worry how you are going to carry them if you go lite , camera and filters
camera neg 164.txt i love canon products and i have had a complete canon system for about 10 years . i love everything canon does . however i do not understand canon 's reasoning behind producing this lens . the reason for the ef-s lenses is offering wider angle by getting the rear elements of a lens closer to the " film " plane . they cannot do this on film and full frame sensor cameras because the mirror is larger and would hit the rear elements of an ef-s lens . they have indicated , however , that by 35 mm that advantage is gone . why then do they produce a 60 mm macro lens when they already have their macro requirements covered with they current three lenses ? i would guess that the short back focus makes the lens cheaper ; but this lens is only $60 short of the excellent 100 f2.8 usm macro . as i said , if for $60 i can get a lens that has 40 mm more reach ( 66 in 1.6crop cameras ; useful in macro photography ) and that works on all canon cameras , i 'm not going to be thinking about this lens at all . granted , you might not be thinking of buying a ff camera anytime soon , but canon has indicated that eventually they will have ff on all their dslr 's , so why bother with this lens ? the 17-85 or 10-22 are very reasonable offerings for the ef-s lineup , but the 60mm macro does n't make any sense to me . my $0.0
books neg 519.txt ms milton admits to her anger at humanistic psychology , so she attacks without understanding . she does not seem to grasp even some of the basic concepts of the people 's work she denigrates . maslow 's hierarchy of needs is one example . i have spent a great deal pf time studding humanistic psychology and writings . i have had the pleasure of being trained in group therapy with carl rogers , and william coulson as instructors . any one who really studies these writers will see how bad a job ms milton did presenting them . she should have let her anger subside before she wrote the book . her bias is extreme and obvious . so consider this when reading the book . no doubt ms milton will have a new career appearing on the conservative religious programs . i am sure pat robinson and jerry falwell have or will book her to speak out against the evils of humanistic psychology
books neg 8.txt i have been a fan of sue henry since her first jessie arnold mystery . i was looking forward to reading her lastest adventure , but was very disappointed in this outing . the characters were one-dimensional . after discovering who the " bad guys " were i needed to reread part of the book for clarification . sue henry has a very annoying habit of foreshadowing at the end of many of her chapters . " ...they had n't a notion just how decidedly things could - and would - change in the next few hours . " even the relationship between alex and jessie seemed stilted . i realize it is difficult to create plausible mysteries for a civilian like musher jessie arnold , but this book tried too hard and accomplished too little
music neg 463.txt this a great priced cd , but the content is why it is so cheap . it 's a true-amateur album . beethoven lover is over her / his head . this is the real world , not a fantasy-everyone-likes-every-type-of-music world . deal with it and agree with me . it is n't so great
software pos 413.txt i do n't write reviews often but this product is so great i had to share my thoughts on it . i bought this product because i was going back to graduate school ( mechanical engineering so please excuse my grammar ) and i wanted an extra boost in brain power . i have been using this product just about everyday for weeks now and the results are very apparent . i have noticed two obvious improvements in myself . first , i can now navigate a city with ease . i always knew my short term memory was the limiting factor in my navigation abilities . before i 'd always forget where i came from , left or right , what street im on , etc. i always had people correct me . now i am the one leading and its not because i am paying more attention . without directly thinking of my orientation i just know where to orient myself ( my gf would always correct me , but now im correcting her ) . the second obvious improvement is my improved speech and listening abilities . i 'd always have trouble fumbling in my speech and understanding people . but now i feel i can think of what to say more quickly and clearly . i have been doing many puzzles this past summer and the combination of that and brain builder really changed my life . i think more clearly and i can think " better " now . hard to explain but the " fog has been lifted " . everything is easier now whether its putting something together or understanding the environment around me . also my iq scores appear to shoot up really high but thats up to debate . i just want to say what a great product this is and i highly recommend it to anyone . im sure when i start school this fall i 'll see a leap in my abilities . jaso
software neg 518.txt i have been a fan of spyware doctore for some time . spyware doctor 4.0 was an excellent product . it did it job pretty good without taking up any significant resource . but unfortunately it seems that pctools have not yet got their act together for version 5.0. the first version i received as an upgrade was version 5.0 build 172. problems started as soon as my machine rebooted . the spyware doctor service for apparently no reasons hogged the system resource to an extent 95-97%. killing that does not matter because the application restarts after 15 sec , and also that it seems to be the heart of the application . after reboot the update started running and bam came the blue screen of death . so after a series of reboots and crashes i installed the version 5 build 176. but that too did not work , hence finally i reverted back to version 4.0 and eveythig works perfectly.please stay away from version 5.0 till pctools get their act together . as a reference do go through the review of cnet for this product [...]
books pos 864.txt this book opens our eyes . sure , we feel that we know what we should be doing . many times we are right in our hunches . yet , we still do not always do what needs to be done . instead , out of either laziness or taking the easy road , we fail because it is so easy to do so . besides , the customer will always walk in the door . right ? as this book reminds us , the customer may never be back . it is in the insight of a professioanl like tasca that we are reminded of wehat we may already know . again , our implementation of these rules which he explains simply , we will achieve . another book i encourage is " cars and people : how to put the two together . "
health pos 297.txt it is really great ! ! ! sure , it does hurt , but not any more than waxing . i do not shave because i get cut very easily . this is a great alternative to expensive waxing . even when i have more hair it works . i would buy this product again , and again
books neg 687.txt i wouold only skim this book if you want a general idea about business marketing , but do not expect in depth detail about how to truly market your business
books pos 92.txt this book consists of 29 stand-alone essays , beautifully written and previously published in the " new england journal of medicine " during the early seventies . from the first chapter : " the viruses , instead of being single-minded agents of disease and death , now begin to look more like mobile genes...we live in a dancing matrix of viruses ; they dart , rather like bees , from organism to organism , from plant to insect to mammal to me and back again , and into the sea , tugging along pieces of this genome , strings of genes from that , transplanting grafts of dna , passing around heredity as though at a great party . " although there is no continuity from chapter to chapter , there are consistent threads of thought as the author free associates : 1.there is a joyful attitude about science and discovery and abundant tidbits about the goings on of living things . 2.there is constant reference to the interaction , symbiosis , and co-operative living arrangements amongst the different species . 3.there are numerous references to the mindless activities of ants , bees , and termites , whose activities create sophisticated , developed projects without any evidence of central control . these examples are repeatedly compared to humans and their social activities , with the human emphasis being on language . 4.the cell is the unit of life , complete with all its intricate inner workings . the cell membrane ( cell wall in plants ) is the protective layer that makes this unit of life possible . in the first chapter and frequently throughout , the author wants to think of the earth as a kind of organism , but he ca n't make it work - too big , too complex , too many working parts without visible connections . then in the last chapter , a better analogy emerges . the earth is like a huge cell and the protective atmosphere that shields us from meteors and cosmic rays is our cell membrane . this fine book is a precursor to books from the likes of carl sagan , richard feynman , and stephen jay gould . reading the chapters randomly is not a bad idea - each one is only four to six pages long and each gives the reader plenty to think about . amazingly , after 30 years , there is a little - but not much - in this book that is out of date . if you are a little rusty on biology , have your " oxford dictionary of science " handy . first class .
dvd pos 672.txt this is the final season of hogan 's heroes . sgt. kinchloe ( ivan dixon ) left the series in season 5 and was replaced by sgt. richard baker ( kenneth washington ) . the other original cast members are still up to their wacky antics of outsmarting the nazis . and , it 's still hilarious . here 's a run down of the episodes from september 1970 to april 1971 : episode 1 : cuisine a la stalag 13 episode 2 : the experts episode 3 : klink 's masterpiece episode 4 : lady chitterly 's lover : part 1 episode 5 : lady chitterly 's lover : part 2 episode 6 : the gestapo takeover episode 7 : kommandant schultz episode 8 : eight o'clock and all is well episode 9 : the big record episode 10 : it 's dynamite episode 11 : operation tiger episode 12 : the big broadcast episode 13 : the gypsy episode 14 : the dropouts episode 15 : easy come , easy go episode 16 : the meister spy episode 17 : that 's no lady , that 's my spy episode 18 : to russia without love episode 19 : klink for the defense episode 20 : the kamikazes are coming episode 21 : kommandant gertrude episode 22 : hogan 's double life episode 23 : look at the pretty snowflakes episode 24 : rockets or romance if you have the previous 5 seasons , hey , you might as well get this one ! it was the end of a great tv series that brought a lot of enjoyment to millions . it still does .
books pos 840.txt i enjoyed this book for the most part . i feel the trip throught the stargate could have been better developed but it was enjoyable to see an inside view of the workings of the & quot ; mountain&quot ; . the main characters were all there , participating in the problem solving . there was a writers view of the teamwork seen in each episode , and some food for thought added in as well . is the world really ready for the idea that we are part of a bigger universe out there ? i do n't know but this book presents some interesting questions . i await the next book in the series
music pos 694.txt julieta venegas did it again . she scored an album that is not alternative in style , however it is very catchy pop music . her melodies are perfect for a morning drive with the radio on . you can sing along and express day to day feelings . julieta continues to use instruments i like such as the harmonica . and of course , julietas nice character and her lovely behavior shine through in her public appearances . my personal favorite is " me voy " , a very positive song about a not so positive event , breaking-up . keep up the good work , julieta . your songs are appreciated .
music pos 945.txt if this album did n't come out at its destinated time , 2006 would have been one of the worst years for gospel music . outside of kurt carr 's cd , this album makes singing gospel music worthwhile . donald lawrence knows how to send out a group and bring in a new era of singers . that 's basically what this finale does , it brings into the forefront the future of the gospel music scene . we have new artists emerging in blanche ( mcalister-not sure if she is going to just do the first name like madonna , cher , mandisa , ummmmm , think about it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) , dewayne woods ( thanks for the testimony and great sunday morning rocking song - this is hint to all church musicians sing this song when church is a lil dead and pick it up ) , the murrills , lajeune thompson ( sang girl ) , and sheri from the duo of ted & sheri . there are so many hits on the whole cd from god is , god , you are an heir , giants , blessing from abraham , encourage yourself , of course all of the older stuff . one thing missing is kelly price should have guested on i walk with god or bring back stephanie mills .
software pos 326.txt this is the 3 copy version of norton av . ( one cd will create three copies ) i purchased it to save money as it was less than $20 per copy . i bought it to replace nav 2006 on the same three computers which had expired . installed easily on two machines . just the uninstall of 2006 and the install of 2007. the first machine was more difficult . there is evidently some conflicting software on the computer as i had to use msconfig for a " clean boot " per norton web site instructions . i kept running into the " blue screen of death " on the previous installs when i would get to the actual install of the norton av . each time i would have to uninstall the program and do more . but all of the help came from the symantec ( norton ) website . it is now working fine . added : my personal preference is to not use software firewalls . i use a router with nat as a hardware firewall . ( it only blocks unauthorized incoming malware ) software firewalls try to tell you about everything leaving your computer and generally you either become paranoid or just shut the thing off . they are intended to look for malware by behavior . antivirus programs look for malware by signature . the only advantage to finding malware by behavior is if the computer is attacked in the first day or two of the malware 's existence . if one has an antivirus program it will eventually ( within a few days ) find the problem that the software firewall was trying to tell someone about . ( assuming they have n't given up yet with too many cries for wolf ) . so the only software firewall i have ( microsoft os firewall ) is turned off and thus i have n't had the same problem as others report . as a practice i sent junk email directly to the trash can and avoid weird websites . so far no problems with malware .
books pos 590.txt my daughter at u of m got me interested in the rwandan crisis and was just vacationing in canada and picked up this book by a canadian general who was leading the un effort in rwanda during the genocide and what a tragedy this was and remains . i didnt walk away thinking this guy was a great general but he had the guts and the commitment to right to stay in spite of the ineptitude of the united nations and cofi anan who was in a key role at the time . the tragedy of what the free world stood by and let happen is nearly unsurpassed , probably only by the jews extermination in wwii . if you have any interest in the world happenings and think you have faith in the united nations just buy this and read it - we need change .
camera neg 669.txt i bought two one time , but there was no vedio on lcd as opened for both ! they could not recorded vedio but audio only . it seemed that they had n't ccd at all ! i had to mail them back to repare just the day i got them , and the jvc even would not cover the charge
dvd pos 474.txt just received this as a gift from the easter bunny , and watched half the episodes today without one skip , hiccup or any other problem of any kind . if you 're a fan of the show , these dvds are a must have , period . relive the good old days with the best show on television and order these- -and all the other seasons- -now !
camera neg 575.txt i bought this for my husband for valentine 's day , so he could have photos of our new baby boy handy . unfortunately , the images appeared for one day , and then the unit stopped working . we had to send the unit back . i was very disappointed as there were many good ratings on the item .
software neg 375.txt i have used a lot of software , but i do not remember using much that is as difficult to use or learn than quickbooks . i have learned it over time , but there seem to be several functions in it that could be done in fewer steps . i would not upgrade unless i absolutely had to . the program is usable , but i am not interested in investing a lot more money in it . it works for my small business , but i could still probably get by with quicken , as i do not write checks on it . i do kind of wish i had stayed with quicken . the most annoying thing about the program was that i was going credit card data downloads in quicken , but when i changed to quickbooks , it would not let me download data from my quicken credit card , it wanted me to switch to a quickbooks credit card , or ask permission of all my credit card providers . i appreciate the security , but since both programs are made by the same company , this just seemed like a scam
health neg 870.txt bought two of these . one as a gift and one for myself . luckily i tried mine out before i gave the other away . this thing just vibrates . no massage at all ! ! after 30 seconds you get nausea...its not worth 23.99...its a piece of junk . trust me you are not getting a bargain . i guess you pay for what you get , but in this case i ca n't even say that because in no way will this help someone with a bad back or someone who needs a rub .
camera pos 621.txt this camera delivers excellent video quality . i use it with the hot-shoe attachable microphone and the audio is quite good . i 've plugged this into my hd television and the quality is excellent . i have also had the optura xi from canon and while the build quality of the hv20 is not quite as good as that of the optura xi , the video quality is nothing short of stunning . this is a very good deal for $1000. you wo n't be disappointed
health pos 97.txt this is a great product , easy to program and use. . easy to read digital display and very accurate
music neg 117.txt with perverse , mike edwards set out to prove that jesus jones was more than a ` sunny , breezy pop band ' , what he ended up proving was that if they were n't no one was interested . sad to say , but pop hooks were what people expected from jj , and actually there are some here , but they are smothered by industrial / techno gook . stick with doubt , that 's where jj peaked , even if some claimed they had ` sold out' . here they are pushing the boundaries , but that does n't always make for a great listening experience
dvd neg 209.txt this movie had many of the ingredients to make it truly great , including a phenomenal cast , lead by cate blanchett , and great scenery and cinematography . the actors playing elizabeth , cecil , and walsingham spoke and acted admirably , each phrase spoken with such honesty and feeling , but the words themselves rendered the performances useless . the director and the author of the script greatly misunderstood the characters and the material . they should have read elizabeth the first 's biography by elizabeth jenkins . it is useless to say a movie does not need to be historically accurate but has only to entertain : had the author and director been more historically accurate , they would not have created the unbelievable character they created in elizabeth , who is in turn hysterical , defeatist , overbearing , childish , tyrannical , who never shows her core intelligence , her great love of her people , who had a private core described by her motto " semper eadem " , be always one . elizabeth ruled with her advisors , she was not totally ruled by them . she would not have put up with norfolk screaming at her across the council table , nor would burleigh have allowed it . cate blanchett 's wonderful acting and presence were pearls thrown before swine , wasted on a character portrayal that totally lacked any integrity , much less truth . how could the director think that the woman he was trying to portray was any kind of real woman ? the ending had me blushing with embarassment for one and all . we are laughably given william cecil as wimpy and ineffective , and walsingham as the mastermind behind the throne . one of the reviews said that the director inspired rush to play walsingham much like the hindu god krishna . i suggest that he should have first read some english history
music neg 127.txt this cd is garbage . juvenile should go hang him self after putting out this album . he was alright when he first came out but now he sucks the big one . if i was you dont listen to the retards who tell you " this is a good comeback album " . instead of wasting you cah on this crap i recommend welcome back by mase . that is a good comeback album . the only thing that makes the album even worth noting is the beats of mannie fresh . juvenile just was a waste of those excellent beats . a shame they could n't go to ja rule , whose cd sucked with his beats . he has the vocal and writing talent but his beats blow
books neg 85.txt this book was great . i especialy liked the chapter where bill sticks a falafel in his co-worker 's hoo-hah . priceless
camera neg 432.txt i 'm sure that if the camera worked properly , it would have been fantastic ; however , i received a camera on my birthday this year , only to have difficulty with the focussing mechanism . i took 4 blurry shots of my son 's birthday party , and the next time i turned the camera on , the lcd screen was broken . we purchased the extended warranty from best buy , so when i brought the camera ( 10 days old , mind you ) in for repair , they insisted that i 'd dropped it and broken it ( which i had n't ) , even though there were no signs of external damage...no scratches , dents or anything . after sending it in , best buy informed me that it would cost us $180 to fix , and that they would n't fix the focussing mechanism until i 'd paid for the lcd screen to be fixed . disgusted , i retrieved my camera from customer service unfixed . i contacted sony , who appologized and told me to send in my camera for free repair . i ended up receiving a call from their repair center , informing me that it would cost me $180 to repair and that lcd screens are not covered , whether i received it broken or not . i tried a third time for repair , only to be told that i would have to pay . my mother tried to use her buyer 's protection plan from her visa ( it was a birthday gift from her to me ) , only to have her money refunded , then re-charged months later when best buy 's legal department would n't pay her visa bill . based upon our experiences ( among other bad experiences with best buy ) , we stopped shopping at best buy , and now own a lovely olympus camera . do n't buy the sony cybershot dsc-t9
camera neg 421.txt the cybershot dscs40 was bought as a christmas gift for my daughter in 2005. a few days after christmas 2006 , the camera ceased functioning . because the camera was shipped in november 2005 , sony refused to honor the one year warrantee and the repair price was given as $111. needless to say , we will not be purchasing another sony product in the future
books pos 492.txt as a frequent reader of home design books and magazines , the title and the beautiful cover of this book immediately appealed to me . a quick review of the table of contents revealed that i had to have this book . pelosi begins with the basics , moves into specifics , and then focuses on those special challenges we all face when trying to make our homes beautiful and appealing without spending a fortune . the pictures are gorgeous and inspiring and the author has an ability to write clearly and concisely with a great sense of humor . whether you are looking for a single design solution or , like me , enjoy reading about interior design , this is the book for you...and it makes a great gift for your friends and family and colleagues and anyone who lives in a home . " interior divine " made my holiday shopping easier this year !
software neg 536.txt contrary to the other review , they did ship the proper 3 user version . however , since installing it yesterday it is consuming 100% of my systems resources and i can not find any setting to have it stop . evidently it does continuous deep virus scans so you might as well toss your computer in the garbage . what a mess of a product .
camera neg 109.txt for nearly $100 , this adaptor provides very little ( 1.5x ) magnification . it is also a nuisance because you have to switch the camera settings every time you use the lens for it to function properly . this is no big deal with the wide angle adaptor , which is used infrequently by me , but it is when you want to capture a fleeting image at a distance . it is lightweight , but cumbersome and does n't accept filters . for real telephoto capabilities , get an slr with interchangeable lenses . i sent this product back .
books neg 573.txt true , there are many controversies raging about copying dvds and copyrights . i suspect we are in a transition zone with all this and " the industry " will figure out how to help people love and cherish their dvds rather than simply calling everyone a pirate . having said that , i can also understand why an author of such a book would n't want to " say too much " about this controversy , especially if he his looking over his shoulder at " the lawyers . " i was trying to think of an analogy to express my disapointment in this book ( and this is n't a good one ) but it goes like this : you want to go to israel and you buy a book on " israel for dummies " and you search for something , anything on the controversy of the wall they are building . but instead of finding a discussion of the controversy you find a few off-handed quips about " there 's a wall going up and it 's causing some controversy . ' nuff said . " " ' nuff said " ? hel-lo ? were dummies out here , that 's why we bought the dumb book ! there might be some useful information for some people , but i was sorely disappointed
books pos 961.txt there are two different types of larkin poem . the first type , mostly written before 1955 , are influenced by yeats and auden and are mediocre . the second , written when he found his voice , are amongst the most wonderful works of english literature ever written . so what was his voice ? basically that of twentieth century man - atheistic , obsessed with sex , regretting the loss of faith and the old certainties . he takes these subjects and turns them into glorious poems . but here 's the really incredible thing : he uses ordinary , uncomplicated language . no tricks , no arcane allusions , just plain english . it ca n't be denied that the voice is bleak , and it is too uncompromising for some . however , those who like looking into the heart of darkness will find poems which they will remember for the rest of their lives .
books pos 213.txt i agree with the other reviewers . this book is outstanding . if you enjoyed such books as " the davinci code , " " angels and demons , " etc. , you will enjoy this one . bravo to tess gerritsen . i am never disappointed with any of her works
books neg 200.txt if you want to believe an illusion , go for it . some readers say he is well informed . whoa . this guy talks about science without any credentials to do so . if it makes you feel good to believe that the us is bad , the environment is collapsing , and we need socialism to survive , then this is the book for you . if you are open minded but want truthful facts to make your own opinion , find another source . waste of money
music pos 821.txt i discovered seal the same way that most people did : through his utterly beautiful song " kiss from a rose " . i heard it on the radio one day , and played it constantly for months after that until i finally decided to purchase the album the song was from . as it happens , the song is from seal 's most revered album , his multi-platinum 1994 self-titled album . ( this is not to be confused with his other self-titled album , his debut , released in 1991. ) i did n't know what to expect when i bought the album , having heard only one song from it , but months after purchasing it i 'm glad i made the gamble . i think that the sub-genre which best classifies seal is urban . urban music , according to all music guide , is smooth and polished , often romantic , sometimes uptempo and funky , and features soulful vocals . seal has all of this and more . it has techno beats , but they 're not as overwhelming as one might expect . they blend together with peaceful , occasionally ethereal guitars and seal 's incredibly soothing singing . this is , no doubt , stylish music , but first and foremost it 's a collection of warm , encouraging songs penned by a very talented musician . there 's nothing that comes close to being a bad song here ; there 's not even a slightly weak composition . thus it 's a little harder to pick highlights than usual . some highlights include the strong opening track , " bring it on " ; the emotional hit " prayer for the dying " ; the shimmering " dreaming in metaphors " ; the upbeat " newborn friend " ; and , needless to say , the absolutely wonderful " kiss from a rose " . the closing track , " bring it on ( reprise ) " is another beautiful song , but " kiss from a rose " is possibly the most lovely song i 've ever heard . listening to it in the warmth of one 's home during a snowy december afternoon is an incredibly powerful experience . the message of the album , if there is one , is " keep on going - life is beautiful ! " it could fail under any other popular artist , but seal succeeds marvelously . this is some of the most heartfelt , inspirational singing i 've ever heard . there 's a delightful optimism in seal 's singing that sounds strong rather than naiive . it 's hard to feel down after listening to such an uplifting album as this . seal is certainly one of the most talented musicians of r&b ( or rock - you decide ) . these songs have clear , strong messages , warm , inspirational lyrics , heartfelt , soothing singing , danceable beats , and a whole lot of emotion . once you 've heard " kiss from a rose " , i guarantee you 'll want to pick up the album . if you 're already thinking of doing so , then i encourage you to go forward and buy it ; you wo n't regret it . it 's become one of my favorite albums . when you 're feeling disillusioned or depressed with the state of your life or just life in general , look no further than seal to make you cherish it once again .
music pos 92.txt ahh this is a great cd . i listen to it every day . it 's fun music , and the lyrics are wonderful . hope everybody enjoys it as much as i do
dvd pos 880.txt " the talons of weng chiang " is a wonderfully creepy pseudo-historical tale full of mood , atmosphere , and an unusual amount of violence for " doctor who " - -almost as if departing producer philip hinchcliffe was taking a parting shot at his critics on his way out . but it 's not all gloom and doom . this storyline is a fine mix indeed of good old " doctor who " humor at its funniest as well as thrilling " doctor who " adventure at its most gruesome . the dank and dour city streets and slums of late-19th century london make a grim backdrop for a tale of manipulation , madness , and serial murder ( technologically refined cannibalism , really ) , and yet the doctor 's many clever quips and leela 's naively astute observations on " civilized " victorian life keeps the viewer laughing throughout , and the main villain 's second-hand man , li-hsen chang , has some incredibly witty one-liners as well . li-hsen chang himself is a fascinating character , delightfully entertaining on stage and yet cold and ruthless in his service to " weng-chiang , " a stranded , time-traveling dictator from the future who has deceived chang into believing he 's a deity from the taoist pantheon . chang 's paranormal powers , foremost of which is hypnotism , definitely evoke the late victorian fascination with mesmerism ( see the poster advertising his show ) and serve to mark him as a clever echo of the evil fu manchu characters so much the stock villains of pulp fiction , and yet he 's also a tragic figure in many ways- -a healthy , innocent rural farmer whose simple religious beliefs were abused by an evil man- -uprooted and given extraordinary powers along with refinement and authority by his " god " and yet irrevocably corrupted in the process . in many ways this works as a dark counterpoint to the pygmalion-style educational program the doctor 's putting leela through , to her annoyance . if li-hsen chang is an interesting and complex adversary though , the same ca n't really be said for his master , weng-chiang himself . he 's a rather unremarkable two-dimensional villain , i 'm afraid , complete with hokey bad-guy laugh and over-the-top acting . perhaps the writers were going for a sort of campy effect , but if so , they overdid it just a bit . at times too he 's just more annoying than frightening- -every time the ever loyal li-hsen is faithfully going about their nefarious business only to be thwarted by the doctor , weng-chiang throws a fit , savagely berating the poor guy on and on ad nauseum . on this score , weng-chiang is less evil incarnate than a bad reminder of some dysfunctional manager at one 's workplace . it does n't help either that he bears no resemblance whatsoever to the clean-cut bureaucratic deity of education whom he 's presumably impersonating , so that the whole idea comes across as altogether somewhat unconvincing . all in all , though , this is an enjoyable adventure . the doctor is at his sleuthing best , leela shines as a displaced neolithic warrior , and a fine complement of vividly memorable supporting characters keep the story moving right along in an entertaining fashion , all of them brought to life by a fine script and even finer acting . and anyway , li-hsen more than makes up for weng-chiang 's deficiencies as an interesting villain for most of the show , while the cyborg assassin mr. sin is genuinely creepy ( especially if you have a phobia of ventriloquist dolls ) . so this is a fine storyline altogether as long as you take some of it with a grain of salt- -or a dash of soy sauce , rather
music neg 444.txt though these are the songs that make the mills brothers famous , they are not the original recordings that made these songs famous , and not necessarily sung by the same men that sang the originals ( certainly they are considerably older ) . these are ok , but they lack the punch and familiarity ( to a fan like myself ) of the originals . the title , though not actually misleading , leads one to believe you will be listening to the original songs- -they are not . i recommend only if you must have the complete set of mills brothers records
dvd pos 3.txt i saw the scene , where they have lissa chained to the pool table and gagged in the basement.i did n't understand most of the movie . i bet kim possible , ron stoppabl , and rufus can deal with them
music neg 522.txt i have to admit , i expected a lot more from mr setzer . the first track was ok , then it proceeded to go down hill from there . not much rockabilly happening , then it all comes clear with " really rockabilly " when he slags off all his traditional rockabilly fans...world wide . he even gives us aussies a serv , even though i do n't think he has ever set foot here . if brian wants to turn his back on rockabilly and try swing , jazz , rock or whatever , then go ahead , but why slag your old fans ? . it 's the last time i buy one of his cds without listening to it first
camera neg 757.txt there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job !
camera neg 548.txt i purchased this for my wife for valentine 's day . the installation went fine but i have two problems with the device . first , the software to do the picture transfers is awful . you can only select pictures on your computer to download - you ca n't see what photos are on the device in the software . in order to delete photos you have to do it manually from the device itself . i checked the webpage for updated software - no joy . the crop feature is nice ( and well used ) but otherwise i feel like i am looking at a windows 3.1 application . second , the image quality on the device is very poor . i did n't have very high expectations , but this was lower than i expected . reminds me of the picture / screen quality in the very first color cell phone screens , maybe a bit worse . you can make out the picture , but not much detail at all . the advice of cropping the photos to only show headshots is an excellent idea , it 's the only way to get a decent picture . overall , i 'm a little disapointed . but then , you get what you pay for. .
dvd pos 304.txt this is definately worth the price . i cried and laughed watching the perfect story of chi and hedeki . beautiful animation , great story line
camera pos 549.txt i bought this dock from a seller called miga . they did an excellent job of answering my questions on the product and sending everything in mint condition . i use the dock for my hp r817. having read the reviews regarding the insert i just went through hp 's part site and ordered the correct insert for my camera . it was only $5 ( before shipping ) and it arrived the same day as the dock package . the dock transfers data so much faster then the cradle that comes with the camera plus it has an extra battery which would cost $50 and up by itself from hp . i bought the dock for its dual charging ability for when i go on trips since this dock is less expensive then the fast charge travel kit . i probably wo n't use the remote control feature or print images right from the dock . but for what i will use it for its an excellent product for the price and i highly recommend it for you 817 818 users out there .
dvd pos 797.txt the third movie has nothing to do with book 3. if you loved the books , you will find this movie completely unbelievable . kirk cameron should be ashamed of himself for being in this piece of garbage . the first two movies are pretty well fdone and true to the books
books neg 505.txt while this book is a good reminder to high school students and their parents of the kinds of illiberal attitudes extant on many college campuses , i cannot recommend it to other readers . the author unfortunately perpetuates the right-wing-republican-only stereotype believed by many outside evangelical christianity . she battles as much for her political leanings away from gun control and in favor of all bush administration policies as she does for the truth claims of the gospel . indeed , in reading some of the chapters , it is difficult to see that she has any concept of a christian worldview that might veer in any part from republican platform positions . this is really too bad , because she makes many good points and appears to be courageous in her positions . i would not have begrudged her political point of view at all , had she made a clearer distinction between that and her theological position
camera pos 71.txt this lens is great . i 've been doing portraits and just random snapshots and it makes every picture beautiful ! the only downside is the lack of ability to zoom . other than that it 's a great lens
health neg 291.txt i purchased these but had to return them . while the molded strap is adjustable , it only opens up approx . 1 " . the magnetic attachment worked well but if your head is 23.5 " or larger around - at the eyebrows , forget it , these will not fit you
books pos 454.txt there is not one book this woman has been involved in that i did n't like so far . many stories you will find in her book have different personalities , which i find refreshing . she has been involved in many science fiction projects and when i go to pick up a book with her name on it.....i know there will be something , if not everything , i will enjoy in that book . there should be no question when you see a book with her name on it , that you should open that book and read a while
books pos 578.txt arrogance by bernard goldberg is a truly enjoyable read . goldberg does n't waste time trying to create a vast left wing conspiracy tied to islam or communism , he just presents the facts as he sees them . as a former insider , he 's got the dirt on media bigwigs , and he 's not afraid to dish . the liberal bias in the news is causing many people to flee the big three networks and turn on cable to find an escape . goldberg offers up several examples of this bias and then goes further by coming up with several suggestions ( some tongue in cheek ) for correcting this slant . he also includes surprisingly frank interviews with tim russert and bob costas . goldberg 's other books bias and 100 people who are screwing up america are also excellent reads . he does n't attack people on a personal level ( although you can tell he has a bit of a grudge against dan rather ) or use hyperbole or vitriol to get his point across . some books written with a conservative slant make you want to throw up your hands and give up on this country , but goldberg 's books do n't have that effect . you can tell he not only loves the country he lives in , but also the profession that he 's chosen , and he has hope for the future .
health neg 838.txt i 've used the same straightener for the past four years and have always been able to get my naturally curly hair perfectly straight . this past christmas though i got the conair tourmaline ceramic straightener as a gift and decided to try it out . not only did it not work for anything , it pulled my hair and broke it at every pass . also , it took more than twice as long as my normal straightener . needless to say , i 'll be taking this back for an exchange . i suggest the normal flat panel straightener for anyone with naturally curly hair
books neg 723.txt grudem seems to have a very distorted and confused vision of christ . we can only hope that evangelical become more like christ . jesus was the first real liberal and the most radical of liberals . if jesus of nazareth was anything , he was an extraordinary friend of the down - trodden , definitely a liberal , whose advocacy on their behalf so infuriated the ultra-conservative religious and political leaders of his day that they had him killed to prevent the public from hearing the very liberal teaching that you will see quoted abundantly in jesus ' own words on this web site ! those who actually know what the bible says about the life and teaching of jesus recognize that far from being like jesus of nazareth , today 's " religious right " are much more like the kind of clerics who battled this revolutionary prophet from the day he opened his mouth until the day they had him nailed to a cross . although these people claim to represent jesus christ , they rarely quote his teaching or follow his example . what they do instead is use his name ( " in vain " ) to promote their ideas , ideas which jesus himself did not teach , and might well have opposed .
dvd neg 450.txt someone named " ndb " ( and i 'm willing to bet a princely sum of money that he goes by " ndboston " in certain other online venues...ahem ) hit it right on the head . there is no curse . there never was . glad that the phantasm of a curse managed to put dan shaughnessy 's kids through college ok , but the red sox have had damned good reasons why they 've lost over the years , and none of them has to do with ghosts , specters , curses or other figments of the imagination . none of which takes away from the unbridled joy that we all feel in red sox nation at this wonderful , beautiful championship . ( by the way , ndb , shank is still gonna prime that pump . check this site for enthralling details of the windy-titled " legend of the curse of the bambino , " due to hit stores in may , and deep-discount racks in july or august at the latest . )
software neg 532.txt the software was installed on three computers and slowed two down so much i had to remove it on 2 and have not put it back on it worked fine on one of the thre
books pos 29.txt gibbon 's " decline and fall " is without a doubt one of the most well-written and truly comprehensive historical works concerning the roman empire . from the military maneuvers of the northern legions to the intrigues of the imperial court , gibbon showcases the history of rome as it unfolded- -often relying on the eyewitness testimony of contemporary writers to give readers a sense of the passions and policies of the time . there are a few minute problems- -or rather gaps- -in gibbon 's work , but given that he originally published in the late 1700 's we can excuse his lack of complete information . overall , an excellent read and a great history of such an important subject
books pos 833.txt " the player " provided a trip back in time to what it was like playing ball around the turn of the century through the times of the first world war . to understand what mathewson meant to the game itself is truly amazing . not only being a phonomenal pitcher with exceptional control , he realized that he was a role model for others , not only the young kids that idolized him , but the everyday american worker . to know what he gave of himself to others off the ball field , his charity work , volunteering for wwi at the age of 37 , gives us a better insight to the individual . the book also tells of his attempts to clean up the game , before the black sox scandal . he knew it was going on , tried to warn others , but no one would listen . a great read if you want to get a much clearer insight into one of the greatest ball players of all time . one that is unfortunatelly forgotten by too many in today 's game
books neg 153.txt horrible book . the racist continues his trend of substandard writing
software neg 619.txt much worse than previous mcafee editions . i dropped norton on some older desktops due to its lack of support for w2000. i then went to the free edition of avg anti-virus , which was ok but slowed things down . thinking " you get what you pay for " i sprung for mcafee which has been ok in the past . the edition i purchased has 3 licenses . i installed one of these on my wife 's xp laptop as well as one of my desktops ( luckily , she 's still talking to me ) . the 2007 mcafee suite makes avg look like a free ferrari . absolutely terrible performance , coupled with a mediocre interface . perhaps the only poorer-performing way to assure you 'll never get a virus , spam , etc. would be to hit your motherboard with a hammer . this will slow down your computer ( even worse , unpredictably ) . if you have lots of email in outlook or outlook express expect to open your mail box , then have a long break before you can do a thing ( as it rechecks everything for spam ) . there 's a partial workaround for this , but users should n't have to search for workarounds . every web action now has noticeable latency - - as well as slower applications when mcafee is grinding away in the background . if you liked your current anti-spam , kiss it goodbye - - mcafee may not let you keep it . mcafee ( like norton ) is also difficult to remove from your system . what prompted this review ? today it appears the update process rebooted my computer without requiring a " yes " from me . as for alternatives , i was n't able to get kaspersky anti-virus to run on an older machine - - somewhare a remnant of norton persisted ( possibly a document tagged symantec etc. left over from a day of working with them ages ago ) . however , i did get it running on a laptop and its better than norton-mcafee-and even avg in my opinion . so , consider kaspersky or another vendor . if that does n't work try avg . it will be interesting to see how mcafee responds - - they 've really shot themselves in the foot with this release
health neg 908.txt i ordered this scale for a blind senior citizen . the english speaking voice has a british accent and is difficult to understand . the scale wobbles when you stand on it making you feel unstable , especially for someone with impaired eyesight
camera neg 594.txt the camera operates good , but i thought it was suppose to be new . it looked a bit used and was cracked on the bottom . it does work , but unfortunately all the packageing was tossed out
music pos 720.txt this is just a great cd . whenever i need to restore inner harmony after work , or dealing with any upsetting situation , this is the one i go to . instantly i am transported to the calm , soothing setting of a traditional japanese house and garden . it is fantastic for meditation , too . let all the nonessentials of life slip away while you listen to this beautiful recording
camera pos 262.txt the np-bg1 type g lith pack had good picture life , but i 'd carry a spare if your going to use your cameras movie feature
music pos 963.txt " vangelis : themes " is a collection of some rare and some more popular theatrical theme music from movies including " blade runner " and " mutiny on the bounty . " it 's an extraordinary album and i highly recommend it
music neg 124.txt back 2 da basics *1 / 2 stars yo gotti has made some decent albums , but this one is just so ridiculous and silly that it made me sick , gotti who thinks he put memphis on the map , has some good songs here and there , but the rest are just ridiculous , obnioxus and real pretentious . this is not a good album thumbs down
dvd neg 223.txt those of you who remember ryan starr from american idol know why she quickly became " has been " material for vh1 's the surreal life . ryan starr also happens to be the worst actress i have ever watched on film , television and or commercials . the director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time . her dialogue is kept short and simple , and when she does have more than 3 lines at once , the complete lack of feeling , expression & emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile , like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails . that is all i can say , i would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it again
camera neg 659.txt this is absolutely the worse digital device i have ever owned . the manual is worthless and the web site even worse . i try to delete the included photos , and nothing happens . i ca n't download photos from my mac . if your digital memory card has many photos , good luck trying to find the ones you want to download to the frame .
software neg 440.txt the system requirements for this product on their packaging says nothing about mac support and requires windows . h&r block did n't support mac 's last year and they 've only given half-hearted support this year . if you own a mac then turbotax is your best bet .
dvd pos 199.txt i finally found out this was out on dvd after having the vhs version for many years . the dvd edit is very close to the vhs version minus the glitch during the scorpions opening act , plus some video strobing added during cindy lauper 's run down the runway , which i 'm not sure was really needed , but i 'm ok with it , although the video strobing was done again later , which seems to me as a cheap effect , that really does n't add to the performance . i think brian adams and cindy was excellent for the parts they portraid . i thought originally sinaed ( sp ? whatever ) was a strange choice at the time , maybe good for the part , but after seeing the documentary , i see her being a good intention decision at the time that ended up biting them in the end . she 's too instable , and apparently did not realize the importance of such an event , nor did she show any respect for the part . speaking of which , all of those artists that were called to perform at this event , and did n't say yes on the first call... . shame on you . if roger calls you for an event , you say yes , and put whatever you 're doing aside , because this was way too big of an event to try to be politically correct with . i wish there were more documentary material with this dvd , as this was such a big event , there should have been more information . i had heard in an interview before the show that roger was once asked if he 'd ever do the wall again , and he basically said " if the berlin wall would ever come down , then i would consider doing it again " , and this was never mentioned in the doc . buy the video , even if you have the vhs , you 'll enjoy it . ... still waiting for pulse to be released as well , enjoy !
software neg 868.txt this was a huge waste of money . if you have plans to make a custom animation , do not buy this . anime only alows you to manipulate one of their few charecters . you can not change eye color or hair color . if you want a good animation you have to go to one of their websites and purchase a character for $10 - $20. their free ones are completly dumb . using their " easy to use " bone rigging tool takes a long time to set up and use . it took me ten minutes to make one for a stick figure . ( which did n't work very well ) you ca n't even group anything unless you buy their $180 upgraded version . i spent hours trying to use this , and could figure none of the above out . it also took two weeks to get here instead of four days . i do n't recomend this to people who are looking for an easy to use animation creator .
dvd neg 113.txt all the information ( and more ) you can find in the manual included in your nikon d200 camera box . do not waste yor money and time
books neg 208.txt at the young age of 25 julie barenson loses her husband . shortly after he dies , a great dane puppy is delivered to her home with a note from her late husband . this part will give you the chills ... nice touch . she names him singer , and despite her frustrations with his size and clumsy mannerisms they grow to love each other . after a few years of trying to get her life back together after her tragic loss , julie begins dating 2 men- -richard , a handsome charmer who wines & dines her , brings her lavish gifts and professes his undying love very early in the relationship . the other , mike , is a simple down to earth country type whose idea of a date is a burger , doritos & a couple beers at the local watering hole . so who would you choose ? ouch ! i 'll stop there with the comment that this could have been such a compelling story . instead , we are faced with trite , boring , repetitive dialogue throughout , scatterings of viewpoint shifts and a very predictible plot . i cannot believe this is the same author who wrote the notebook , one of my all time favorite novels . i 'll have to admit the ending brought on a gush of tears . in conclusion , singer not only saved his owner but the book as well .
software neg 810.txt systemic mechanic 6 seemed to be helping , since it handled a lot of the advertised functions well . however , the " repair broken shortcuts " function does not work properly . for a variety of reasons i use a large number of microsoft word shortcuts in my folder / file system . system mechanic " repaired broken shortcuts " on a large number of my short-cutted documents by directing the shortcut from the correct file target to the wrong file target . now i am pulling up documents which are similar ( but are actually older versions which i have save to an auxiliary hard drive ) or unrelated to the actual , correct target file . this has had severe productivity consequences , since i have to double check the target of every file opened via a shortcut . contacting on-line help was of no help whatsoever .
dvd neg 671.txt i watched this on masterpiece theater and was intrigued enough with the family story to buy the book . the characters and the historical context are much better developed in the book and you do n't have to listen to that extraordinarily whiny , droning music .
books neg 586.txt there 's nothing unique about this text - all the topics & discussions have been well covered in other basic textbooks on corporate finance , mergers etc... . the discussions lack depth . the whole concept of corporate strategy has been miscontrued by the authors... . the link between this and financial markets is very ambiguous & blur ! fyi i 'm a businessman & hold an mba in finance from an international university
software neg 511.txt not unless you are comfortable editing your registry to get your dvd / cd drive to work
books pos 423.txt this is an excellent book . unlike many other tutorials available on internet , it gets you started with some beautiful melodies instead of " twinkle , twinkle , little star " . highly recommended !
camera neg 539.txt what a pile of junk . three full seconds pass between pushing the shutter button and when the camera actually takes the picture . if you move at all during that three seconds , the picture is a blurred mess . even if you do n't move , the pictures turn out blurry and dark . and if you use the flash , you get a lovely white picture of nothing . i ca n't believe they sell this thing .
books neg 365.txt mr. shirley sneaks into iran , hiding in the box of a truck , where he should have stayed . he spends 3 or 4 days in iran , most of it trying not to be seen . he walks around for a few hours . he speaks to 3 or 4 truckdrivers , 2 or 3 shopkeepers , and a few assorted others , from which he assembles a complete picture and understanding of the political and social infrastructure of iran . along the way he explains , on just about every other page , how the cia is a complete failure in every facet of it 's existence , how all the career people in it 's employ are arrogant idiots who are devoid of all compassion and intellect . he explains each of the cia 's mistakes , along with his explanation of what they ought to have done . he is , of course , ex cia himself , having left it because no one there understood anything about anything
dvd pos 34.txt ................my man did his ' thing once again............... . ...................big-ups 2 dave , soul music.................. . & all musicians who 've collaborated *that 's how it 's 2 be done ! * .....why must feeble-minded folks always feel that it 's always someone 's job 2 educate them , why ca n't they relax & allow them - selves 2 be entertained ? *i suppose those of you that did n't get it were expecting for it 2 be " just like " the chapelle show ? were you expecting 2 see " ashy larry all-up & through " ! " 2 see the fugees hit the stage @ 1 time + " dead prez " that was much more than enough 4 me , when lauryn song " killing me softly " i almost cried son ! " ****matter of fact jersey stand up ! ! ! ! **** ******listen be not deceived , 4 those of you that have not see it *please do n't be fooled see it 4 your self 2 decide ! if you are not scared 2 be entertained " dig-in " ! ! ! ! ***** ......it 's the roots , fugees , mosdef / black starr , jill scott , erykah , big daddy kane , kool g rap , cody chesnutt , & my brothers " d-e-a-d*p-r-e-z " . ! ! ! !
dvd pos 163.txt awhile ago i was having a conversation with someone about musical tastes where we vastly disagreed on what was simply awesome bands and which ones were purely based around taste , such as people who love r&b and rap to people who prefer dance . in a way , texas chainsaw massacre , as well as the exorcist and the shining are like the beatles and led zeppelin of horror movies : you must love them and say anything different and you 're going to get lynched . so i will agree that the film is definately refreshing considering the latest crop of so-called " horror movies " , yet at the same time i wonder why it did n't hit me that much . 5 kids are travelling through the country and hear of a couple of houses . they decide to check it out only no one 's home...seemingly at first . pretty soon they meet leatherface , a man in a burlap sac mask who wields a big fat chainsaw . pretty soon , the kids start going one by one and we find a family seriously depraved and having to escape alive . it 's odd how i ca n't say any more about the plot ; not because of spoilers but because there 's not a lot else to say . like many a filmgoer , i ca n't stand the latest releases in horror . instead of using atmosphere , pacing and mood to creep people out , they go for broke and show some of the more violent scenes . this film is n't even gory at all . in fact , the film 's goriest scene , where one of the kids meets a chainsaw , is n't even shown onscreen . your mind fills in what went on which can probably be even more disturbing . adding to the realism is that it 's shot in a kind of documentary-like style . one problem i had with the film was that the dread did n't feel there . there was pre-mtv style editing and extreme-closeups of eyeballs and maybe i 've just seen it before but it did n't creep me out like it should 've ( and having a woman scream for 20 minutes does n't help ) . if i saw this in 1974 , i mostly likely would 've been creeped out of my wits but seeing it 32 years later , it 's more like " yeah it was alright although i better not say so cause then everybody will bug me about it " . if you 're a fan , go ahead and buy it because it 's probably the best release of the film but personally , i 'm not
books pos 564.txt i ran into this book accidentally while doing some research . instead of glancing through it , i ended up reading the whole book . i just could n't put it off . content wise , the book does n't bring me many & quot ; light bumb moments&quot ; . however , i find it extremely well written rhetorically . while the book is easy to read , it is literarily graceful . i 'd suggest everyone to read it- -just to enjoy the beauty of language
books pos 275.txt this book makes bsc theory utterly accessible . it provides an appropriate amount of background for those who do not know bsc theory well , but the balance of the book is dedicated to implementing bsc for almost any type of company ( profit , non-profit , public sector ) . niven 's language is clear and thorough and his book serves as a step-by-step implementation plan for bsc
music neg 762.txt one good song , of course " the sound of silence " , and the studio version is far better than this one . i am not a fan of the genre as you might expect
camera neg 613.txt i am far from an expert however even for an amatuer this lens was horrible . i took about 400 shots with my digital rebel xt and got so frustrated witht the poor quality of the auto focus that i immediately returned it / got a refund . in all but the brightest lighting conditions this lens was extremely slow with the autofocus . in many cases the lens could not focus and continually hunted through it 's entire range . since most of my photography is of animals i simply could not wait for the autofocus to work and missed many shots . i tested the autofocus against my canon 18-55 ef-s ( packaged with the rebel xt ) and a canon 75-300 ef . in every instance where the tamron could not focus the canon lenses had no problem ! when the tamron would focus i found the pictures were not as sharp as my canon lenses . again i 'm far from an expert however i was only printing 4x6 photos . i replaced the tamron with a quantaray ( sigma ) 55-200 dc which has proven to have a very good autofocus and great optical quality ( for amatuers. . ) bottom line. . it was hard to part with the tamron because i was really enthused about the zoom range however i would much prefer to use 2 lenses can focus than 1 that doesn't . i have read many reviews with the same problem noted . tamron needs to get thier act together
music pos 407.txt immerse yourself in the incredible genius of mark o'connor and his amazing chameleon-like creative ability to tease so many different moods and styles from his violin . if you like cajun music - this is for you . if you like western swing - this is for you . if you like foot tapping fiddle with a celtic slant - then this is for you ! classical ? jazz ? blues ? country rock ? then yeah - you guessed it - this is for you ! this is an absolutely fantastic album - a brilliant collection of melodies that bring together some of today 's greatest violinists . pure genius
camera neg 816.txt i bought this frame as a gift for my parents and ended up returning it . the price was right but the quality was poor and there were 2 spots on the screen that looked like they were already burned out ( displaying blue and green pixels ) . i did enjoy the fact that it hooks right up to the computer with a usb port but that is about all . overall do n't waste your time and money
camera neg 520.txt i bought my canon a95 in november 2004. a little after 1 year just after the manufacturer 's warranty expired , the infamous e18 error struck . i called the factory repair center to get a repair estimate , and they quoted $89 plus $8 shipping & handling . i bought the camera for $300 online , now it 's going to cost me roughly 1 / 3 of its purchase cost to repair it . for all i know , it might break down again after the repair ! the repair comes with 90-day warranty period , but it could break again after 90 days . and then.. . there is an upgrade option . canon offers a program where you can upgrade a95 for a610 for $125 plus $10 shipping and handling . this comes with only 6-month warranty . again , it could be flawed with the same e18 error that could struck after warranty expires . i would really do extensive research before buying another canon .
books pos 221.txt rewind to 1992. it 's the dawn of the so-called information & knowledge age . back then , i wrote a book on the need to liberate and effectively channel the creativity of all employees in an organization . the rationale : to create higher performing organizations in a time of intense global competition . with pressing needs for superior innovation . and improved productivity . amid ever-leaner budgets . ( sound familiar ? ) flash forward a dozen years to today and ideas are free ( a title echoing phil crosby 's classic quality is free ) . this new book makes clear today that my impassioned plea from a decade ago failed to eradicate idea-stifling organizational cultures . way too many work places , it seems , still quell expressions of innovative thinking by both frontline employees and middle managers . so the case for turning on the innovation spigot needs to be made again with renewed vigor . in answering that call , professors robinson & schroeder offer some worthwhile and occasionally surprising and compelling contributions to this topic that is as relevant now as ever . ideas are free presents an articulate case that organizations - - and individual managers - - need to unleash the *still* largely untapped brainpower intentionally and quite unfortunately held-back by employees . three elements make ideas are free especially worthy of your time and money . 1. the authors aim their advice at regular workaday managers . sure , they rightfully point out how organizational systems are often " dysfunctional . " and they make the case that many corporate practices actually *discourage* creative contributions by individuals even as they try to *incent* those very behaviors . but robinson & schroeder do n't aim their prescriptions at policy-making top executives only . many chapters conclude with what the authors term " guerilla tactics " - - clear directives for simple actions that even frontline supervisors can put to work " without the boss 's permission . " 2. the book dramatically makes the case that paying for ideas - - as part of an organization 's formal suggestion systems - - is fraught with potential negative side-effects . my own corporate experience as an executive championing a newly installed suggestion system bears out the startling reality that this well-intentioned process can turn into a self-destructive minefield . ( and , let the record show , i largely missed this dimension in covering suggestion systems back in my ' 92 work . ) 3. many interesting , well-developed ( albeit occasionally dated ) anecdotes illustrate the book 's sound principles . they help make ideas are free a grounded , engaging , and palatable read . back in ' 92 , i suggested in my book mavericks ! that , " managers should be asking questions like : what is the value of a useful new idea ? if one good idea leads to another , where could thousands and thousands lead us ? what is the cost to the organization for not tapping the endlessly renewable resource of ideas in our employees ' heads ? " getting to the root of the problem , i asked : " is n't the job of a manager to *recognize and choose* from lots of great ideas generated by fellow work associates ? " and answered : " unfortunately , most managers - - even those who claim they invite suggestions from their people - - subscribe to the time-honored myth that a manager 's job is to *have* the ideas . " in 2004 , robinson & schroeder again plow many of these very same themes ( and cite data that also have been around for a long time ) . still , this book explores afresh the opportunities that arise from drawing out the best thinking of every employee . and it presents realistic tactics that all managers can deploy to effectively deal with these still-critical issues . wherever you sit in the hierarchy , read ideas are free to seize powerful ideas about potential gains for your organization 's progress and prosperity . don blohowiak lead well institut
health pos 428.txt i had never used an auto cuff before , so i had my doubts , but after using this over a period of weeks it seems to be right on the money every time . i would buy it agai
dvd neg 458.txt i agree with most of the other reviewers that this is a very weak production with lots of pretentious talk and some pretty poor musical performances which are heavily cut to make more room for chatter . however the couple of minutes where rory block sings & quot ; if i had possession over judgement day&quot ; are worth the entire price of this dvd . do n't buy the tape ' cos you 'll have to sit through so much stuff you wo n't make it , but on the dvd you can go straight to rory block and never watch the rest
camera pos 749.txt to all , i just purchased the sp-550uz after searching for the best camera bang for the buck - olympus fills the bill.... . 3 / 3 / 07 was my first day of use and i decided to check all the features - with the batteries supplied - still in use and a 2gb card - i took off for the outdoors and began shooting pictures at a local park - 300 pictures - including several 15 fps and 30 fps shoots and three videos - 15 , 30 and 45 seconds in length . i am not a pro and will be using this camera for sports , vacations and every day family events . no cons yets - i love the " scn " feature - just select how you want to take the picture and the camera setups the camera - all you have to do is take the picture
music pos 483.txt no doubt about it , from start to finish , this is a classic for anybody 's collection . i can remember back in the spring of ' 93 when the movie came out and it was a classic as well but the soundtrack matches up to what the movie was and this soundtrack sent a big message to a lot of us about what goes on the inner cities today . this was rap music at it 's best from spice 1 to dj quik . there will not be a soundtrack like this ever again that addresses what goes on in our neighborhoods . so add this to your collection if you still love the true gangster rap , west coast fan ( like myself ) , or just want to hear a great soundtrack
dvd pos 807.txt ok , this definately looks very promising . i saw a version of this on the flix channel about three nights ago . it was good . if that is any indication on how good the show is then this collector 's edition box set of the older series should be better . i am going to purchase this soon . once i purchase it , i will let you know how good it really is . i 'll give another review once i purchase this boxed set and have an opportunity to view the episodes . a month ago is when i really learned of this series so i am truly looking forward to watching this series . goddess anjanee :
music pos 818.txt este cd es excelente ! se los recomiendo a todos los que les guste la musica buena . robi es un gran poeta y filosofo
software neg 92.txt while microsoft tries very hard to make office " think ahead of me , " they almost always seem to get it wrong . the result is a package that consistently annoys me . it is true that one can turn off the " helpful " hints and otherwise customize the programs so that they are less hindering , however the bloated package will nevertheless usurp your computers resources like nobody 's business . in my opinion , office ' 97 was an excellent package , and the versions since then have gone steadily downhill . as with many people , i use office at work because i have no choice . at home i 've had good luck with staroffice from sun . while not perfect , staroffice has read and created files compatible with microsoft office very consistently in my experience , and it 's a whole lot less expensive . i am therefore hesitant to recommend microsoft office professional edtition 2003 to anyone except those who need the most advanced functions of excel and / or need to use access database frequently .
camera pos 373.txt i upgraded from the canon digital rebel ( grey body ) to this because i was ready to take my photography to a new level . one thing i like most about this camera is it 's flash compenstation . i purchased the 430ex flash with it because i was tired of having to use the built in flash and always getting those hard shadows on the wall
books pos 819.txt this very fascinating book is a story written in the form of numerous letters and personal diary entries made by the principle character of the book . it chronicals the life of a young scottish woman forced to live first in china then japan . well written and historically accurate , it 's obvious the author is intimately familiar with the the culture , customs , history and life style of japan . this makes the book that much more interesting and fascinating for those who enjoy realism and demand accuracy in a story . for all who 've ever lived in japan , it 's a believable tale that literally makes you feel you 've stepped back in a time machine to witness the birth of modern japan . for those who have n't lived in japan , believe that the author has done his homework and is not simply just creating a fictional setting in his mind . because of this , he 's able to focus on his character versus scene / setting development and thus creates a living breathing person in your mind . the timespan covers over 40 years as the story weaves through her trials and tribulations , and shows how her fortitude and strength serve her through tumultuous events in her life . a gripping tale that draws on your emotions and has you constantly rooting for her . when the last page is read it leaves you wishing the story would continue , but even good books must end . be prepared to sit a spell . once you start reading you 'll find it hard to put down
software neg 900.txt this dictionary is not for the person who english is his second language . it does not have enough sentence examples to let you know how to use each entry word . in addtion , the micro does n't work well with ms word .
camera neg 11.txt i have gotten better results with sterlingtek batteries for a fraction of the price...like less the $15 shipped
music pos 231.txt honestly , led zeppelin is the only artist that can create monumental album after monumental album and have not one bad song . when you listen to one of their albums in your car , there 's no , " oh , i really like track 2 , but i do n't like the next couple , so i 'll skip to track 5 after that one 's over . " now it is common opinion that the classic albums of led zeppelin are the first five , and " houses of the holy " is the fifth one . this is zeppelin at their pinnacle , which in my opinion , they never fall from . " the song remains the same " is pagey at his best with his gibson double-neck . the song itself makes you want to ride the wind because it is so airy , but at the same time a fast-paced rock tune . page 's initial ( and incredible ) guitar solo makes this song the perfect initial song on this album . " the rain song " is a lovelorn masterpiece with the lovely sounds of an orchestra to help create this mood . the lyrics are deep , and while the song to me is melancholy , it is also refreshing . " over the hills and far away " is a 5-trillion star song , with amazing acoustic and electric guitars with mystic lyrics . " the crunge " is groovy and funny . the bass is really felt in this song , and odd spoken lyrics at the end give a laugh . " dancing days " is very far out , but a summer-y song with an addictive riff . " d'yer mak'er " is one to definitely highlight bonzo 's masterful rhythm skills , or in other words , great drums ! equal to that is pagey on guitar and robert 's singing , " i still love you so...but i ca n't let you go.. . " " no quarter " is the quiet masterpiece that is credited to john paul for an exquisite keyboard solo . " the ocean " is quite the upbeat song on this album with a raunchy riff . an overall energizing song . this is the best deal for this album- -do not pass it up ! i hope this will be a permanent fixture to your collection...not one bad song
camera pos 934.txt multi-element add-on lense used with kodak dx-7590 provides good wide-angle capability . note that this is a very large add-on lense ( screws into dx-7590 extension-piece which costs an additional $20 ) . does the job well in most portraiture and scenic applications , however two caveats : ( 1 ) slight curvature of field in extreme corners of wide-angle shots ( ie , corners of shots may be noticeably out of focus ) . suggest cropping to 95% of original picture to maintain sharpness across plane . ( 2 ) size of lense will render pop-up flash and outside the lense focusing system ( ultra-sonic ) less functional .
music pos 316.txt this is lovely stuff . the other reviews say why much better than i can , but i just had to add to the adoration
camera neg 315.txt i bought this recharger kit specifically for a sandisk m230 mp3 player . when i first received the kit , i charged all of the batteries . upon first use i only got 7min . out of each battery , when i got 20 hrs . from the batter sent with the player . i learned online that the batteries still have their charge , but due to the battery 's " memory effect " or " voltage depression , " my player thinks the batteries have lost their charge after only 7min . if you are buying batteries for an electronic device that detects how much " juice " is left in a battery , do not buy this kit
camera pos 235.txt i am 67 years old and started out in photography as a kid with a contact printer and a box camera . i have had all types of cameras over the years , mostly 35mm film canon slr's . i too bought all sorts of these 5-7 mp point and shoot digital cameras before returning to my true love , slr's . i have had my digital canon rebel xt about a month now and i ca n't keep my hands off of it . it lacks nothing . although the kit lense is good , i bought a 28-135 canon zoom lense with image stabilizion and have produced stunning photo 's with it . i love the way you can use the 7 points to focus , i mainly use only the center point with focus lock and never get an out of focus picture . i guess the nicest thing for me is that i now do n't have the urge to buy every point and shoot camera that is paraded out on qvc or hsn that has a " wonderful " new feature like " low light or non-shake . " this canon has every good feature in the known universe and you ca n't outgrow it . its a camera that will let you be as good as you can be , it wo n't hold you back . the battery life is great , the built in flash is good but i bought a 430ex and that 's even better . i never figure i 'm wasting money buying accessories for this camera as it will be my main squeeze for many years to come . i always missed my 35mm canon slr 's and now feel that i have an old friend back again , only much much better . believe me , you ca n't go wrong getting this camera , its beyond description.. .
books neg 117.txt the author shows she is obviously making a transition from poetry to prose with this novel . her sentences are long and wordy , and her numerous metaphors make little sense in their context . she goes to great lengths to describe many little and unimportant details , causing the actual story to suffer from lack of content . her descriptions of life in general seem unreal - she describes things and events in a way that no person would do in the circumstance . the storyline is decent in some places , but it is generally hard for the reader to follow . many times , i had to go back to read paragraphs and pages again to realize where the author was going . it is true there were many points in which i wanted to stop reading all together , which is a rarity . i was altogether disappointed in the book . i thought it would be decent , from all the literary awards it had won , but it really was just pages of fluff and poetry disguised as prose
music neg 457.txt of the dozen tracks featured here , chances are the typical listener will only recognize four : & quot ; signs , & quot ; & quot ; sweet city woman , & quot ; & quot ; one fine morning&quot ; and & quot ; gimme dat ding&quot ; - and the last-named is out of sequence , having come out more than a year before the others . the star of this show is lighthouse 's & quot ; one fine morning , & quot ; and rhino must be praised for offering up the full ( lp ) version rather than the 45-rpm edit , which was about two minutes shorter . it 's a shame , in a way , that this song had lyrics ; had it been an instrumental , it would have found a perfect and permanent home - on & quot ; music from nfl films&quot ; - it had that quality about it . as for the other eight offerings : if they wanted to pick some obscure stuff , why did n't they go all the way and throw in dusk 's & quot ; treat me like a good piece of candy ? & quot
dvd pos 745.txt good actors , great story.. . some good action too.. . this is great movie to help put together the bits and pieces of the stories you 've heard about wild bill hickok , calamity jane , and more . it all may be true history , it may be fictional , it may just be myths mixed with fact , but whatever the case , there 's more truth than not in this version of the 1870 '
music pos 854.txt the band is excellent and this album is just shy of the high quality of the first . however , the encroachment of our free use rights as legal consumers by the major record companies will not stop until they see a negative financial impact from pushing these copy crippled products . do n't support these products
dvd pos 909.txt i think that anyone who believes this movie to be " hilarious " or hudson 's performance " overrated " and " over-the-top " in her singing just does n't like musicals . or perhaps does n't like an all black cast ( i am not black ) or is too young to understand the 60 's world of music and payola and backstabbing . while touted to be similar to the experiences suffered by the supremes with diana ross as its lead singer , it is close in some aspects and totally far away in others . the key words here are " loosely based " on the story of the supremes . why people , including ross herself do n't get that is beyond me ! over the top ? if anyone saw the original play with jennifer holliday ( i did see it ) then you do n't know the meaning of over the top . that character was supposed to be that way and hudson did a wonderful job of that . her performance overrated ? hogwash ! she deserved all the accolades she received as a novice actress . murphy did one of his best acting jobs ever ! beyonce 's performance was good but not great . this was in part because her character while prominent was not the focus of the movie nor was it of the play . this was beyonce 's best acting performance thus far though she still needs some work and the " right " role . this was not the right role for her in my opinion . hudson 's character is the main and central character which puzzles me for the " supporting actress " win . though as lead actress she probably would have lost . you people out there , do n't take my word for this movie 's greatness and take on a true part of history even if it was " white-washed , " no pun intended . or do n't think its a bad movie like some other critics here . you must judge for yourself . i hope and think that you wo n't be disappointed . there are some more than subtle references to the supremes and diana ross especially in some of the costumes , beyonce 's images and album covers ( cd covers for you youngsters ) but only die hard fans of the supremes and people who were there at that time would know that . enjoy
books pos 676.txt i read this book the first time 7 years back and left a lasting impression on me , that 's why when i came across it again after so many years i felt compelled to buy it and read again . oh boy am i glad i bought it ! since last time i read it i have read many romance novels , many great one and many bad ones too . i thought i might not like it so much the second time around because of all the exposure i have got to romance novels since then but i was wrong . this book still made my heart race , made me smile at joe 's attempts to make ronnie laugh and still made me sigh at that sparks of atraction flying between them . joe 's character was just amazing , and most endearing was his insecurities.here was a navy seal , one of the toughest possible guys , and he was insecure about his upbringing and background . he felt veronica would be ashamed to be seen with a guy like him . he was sooooo sweet . he was so cocky , stobborn and arrogant but he was scared of rejection from veronica . just goes to show how a person 's outward appearence rarely show what is really inside them . i ca n't find any more book of this series , i am still searching for them . i know i have to read all of them .
software pos 826.txt i 've been using this for several years without ever having a problem . i like this new version even better than the last version by having everything in one control panel makes it easier than before . it uses less system resources than norton plus i know people that have gotten viruses using norton & mcafee . kaspersky always rates in the top three . the only drawback is there is no anti spyware but i do n't feel that is an issue . let them worry about viruses & such & i 'll continue using webroot 's spysweeper to control spyware . together , they make a great combo to keep my computer clean
music neg 640.txt i am a cellist of 15 years on the breakthrough of becoming a renowed cellist . this cellist tone is so powerfull and clear.she tells a story this is so clear to understand because the music speaks . alisa should watch the slurs from the f to b and be more gracefull . the apres un reve was ok i guess . she really should of tooken more time . like floating on a dream cloud . when i play this piece i take the music from the begining as a fuzzy dream and play the pitch so the music tells a story and becomes more clear every measure . the elgar is somenthing she might not want to touch because no one plays it better than du pre
health neg 459.txt i got this as a gift for my husband . he used it for about 3 weeks , but still had red marks , and had to follow up afterwards with a regular " disposable " razor . the whole process of shaving took twice as long as disposable razors and was n't as good . luckily , braun had a 30 day money-back guarantee , so we were able to return it ( minus shipping x 2 )
camera pos 411.txt i looked at this camera the panasonic hvx200 , the sonys , the jvc 200 , and even canon 's bigger brother the x1. i found this one to have fantastic reviews on dvinfo.net , a great video forum . my concerns about 24f vs 24p were addressed to my satisfaction - there really is n't a difference . i like tape vs the hvx 's expensive storage solutions . one concern i had was , will it look like a pro camera ? that is important in some situations where your equipment gives you added credibilty with clients and talent . as soon as i opened the box i was in love ! this is a really substantial camera . especially with the opt wide angle from canon and the matte box provided , this does not look like your mama 's camcorder . i really like the manual controls , so that you do n't have to go thru menus to change parameters . the layout of everything is great . i really like the dual on / off and zoom controls - top of handle plus rear right side . holding the handle for low or medium height shots is very , very comfortable and the controls are perfectly positioned . only down side - and it is incidental . the matte box is a bit flimsy - lightweight plastic . that helps with weight , but i worry about breaking it . some may say that hdv codec is not as good as dvcpro , but my eye does not see it . the colors are magnificent and it blows away many other cams in low-light . if you are looking for point and shoot , this is not your baby , but if you want a pro quality camera for a really great price - this is it
dvd pos 755.txt rko radio pictures present " born to kill " ( 1947 ) ( 92 mins / b&w ) ( dolby digitally remastered ) - - - starring claire trevor , lawrence tierney , walter slezak , audrey long & phillip terry - - - directed by robert wise and released in may 3 , 1947 , our story line and film , uncompromising film noir which sees psychopath tierney marry wealthy girl long , only to feel more in common with the black sheep of the family , his wife 's sister ( trevor ) . deliciously dark and directed with enthusiasm by wise before he 'd made it big , born to kill is a genuine oddity which explores the dark side of sexuality without moralizing , with the bonus of a cracking murder plot to add some spice . tierney pitches his performance just right ... the film sits well with all those minor noir classics the late 40 's and early 50 's with apparent ease : wise 's own " the set-up " ; anthony mann 's " raw deal " and the " t-men " , " kiss of death " , and ray 's masterly debut , " they live by night " . under robert wise ( director ) , herman schlom ( producer ) , eve greene ( screenwriter ) , james gunn ( book author ) , richard macaulay ( screenwriter ) , robert de grasse ( cinematographer ) , constantin bakaleinikoff ( musical direction / supervision ) , paul sawtell ( composer ( music score ) , les millbrook ( editor ) , albert s . d'agostino ( art director ) , walter e . keller ( art director ) , sid rogell ( executive producer ) , darrell silvera ( set designer ) , john sturtevant ( set designer ) , edward stevenson ( costume designer ) , russell a . cully ( special effects ) - - - - the cast includes lawrence tierney ( sam wild ) , claire trevor ( helen trent ) , walter slezak ( arnold amett ) , phillip terry ( fred grover ) , audrey long ( georgia staples ) , elisha cook , jr. ( marty waterman ) , isabel jewell ( laury palmer ) , esther howard ( mrs. kraft ) , kathryn card ( grace ) , tony barrett ( danny ) , grandon rhodes ( inspector wilson ) , jason robards , sr. ( conductor ) , netta packer ( mrs perth ) , sammy shack ( crap dealer ) , philip warren ( chauffeur ) , tommy noonan ( bellboy ) , napoleon whiting ( porter ) , ruth brennan ( sally ) , sayre dearing ( crap dealer ) , jean fenwick ( margaret macy ) , lee frederick ( desk clerk ) , ellen corby ( 2nd maid ) , demetrius alexis ( maitre d'hotel ) , al murphy ( cab driver ) , sam lufkin ( crap dealer ) , beatrice maude ( cook ) , ben frommer ( delivery boy ) , perc launders ( detective bryson ) , martha hyer ( maid ) - - - - - film noir is a cinematic term used primarily to describe hollywood crime dramas that set their protagonists in a world perceived as inherently corrupt and unsympathetic...hollywood 's classic film noir period is generally regarded as stretching from the early 1940s to the late 1950s...film noir of this era is associated with a low-key black-and-white visual style that has roots in german expressionist cinematography , while many of the prototypical stories and much of the attitude of classic noir derive from the hard-boiled school of crime fiction that emerged in the united states during the depression...the term film noir ( french for " black film " ) , first applied to hollywood movies by french critic nino frank in 1946 , was unknown to most of the american filmmakers and actors while they were creating the classic film noirs..the canon of film noir was defined in retrospect by film historians and critics ; many of those involved in the making of film noir later professed to be unaware at the time of having created a distinctive type of film ... featuring top performances from the ' 40s and ' 50s with outstanding drama and screenplays , along with a wonderful cast and supporting actors to bring it all together ... another winner from the vaults of almost forgotten film noir gems special features bios : 1. lawrence tierney date of birth : 15 march 1919 - brooklyn , new york date of death : 26 february 2002 - los angeles , california 2. claire trevor ( aka : claire wemlinger ) date of birth : 8 march 1910 - new york , new york date of death : 8 april 2000 - newport beach , california 3. robert wise ( director ) date of birth : 10 september 1914 - winchester , indiana date of death : 14 september 2005 - los angeles , california hats off and thanks to les adams ( collector / guideslines for character identification ) , chuck anderson ( webmaster : the old corral / b-westerns.com ) , boyd magers ( western clippings ) , bobby j . copeland ( author of " trail talk " ) , rhonda lemons ( empire publishing inc ) , bob nareau ( author of " the real bob steele " ) and trevor scott ( down under com ) as they have rekindled my interest once again for film noir , b-westerns and serials - - - looking forward to more high quality releases from the vintage serial era of the ' 20s , ' 30s & ' 40s and b-westerns ... order your copy now from amazon where there are plenty of copies available on vhs , stay tuned once again for top notch action mixed with deadly adventure - - - if you enjoyed this title , why not check out vci entertainment where they are experts in releasing b-westerns and serials - - - all my heroes have been cowboys ! total time : 92 min on dvd ~ turner home video ~ ( 7 / 05 / 2005 )
health neg 140.txt pure junk . i 've tried this several times . it does n't repair scratches but covers the lens with a sheet of clear gunk . the first trick is to spread the material evenly and smoothly over the surface . and the second trick is to try to get your money back . the method of spreading it evenly is not well worked out by the product makers .
camera pos 927.txt nice portable background support kit . stability might be an issue but if portability is your first concern then you can overcome the stability issues with weights or caution . easy and quick to put up . i put it up by myself with very little effort . all rolls up in a nice compact bag for transporting
dvd pos 941.txt this was an excellent sophomore season for a great series
software pos 689.txt good modeling tool with great 3-d graphics which allows the user to view from any direction . the component selection is adequate and the tutorial was informative allowing me to get started designing within the first hour of installing the product
camera pos 452.txt i needed a new camera to replace my very old digital camera , so i ordered this one and could not be happier with it . it has all kinds of features , including some manual control options like white balance , etc. for those people who like to mess with that stuff ( i 'm more of an auto person , myself ) . i used it on vacation last month and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of pictures , after taking only a few test shots to get familiar with the camera . the camera is very easy to use and gives you a basic user manual to get you started , and also a detailed manual to help you find out how everything works on the camera . the movie mode works good , too . the colors come out bright and vivid . the lag time between pictures is minimal , which is one of the main things i hated about my old 1.3mp panasonic palmcam , and the 7.1mp makes for some excellent detail in your pictures . the only bad thing about the camera , in my opinion , is that it does n't have a movement stabilizer ( or whatever it is called ) , so it can be prone to shaking , especially when you zoom using the digital zoom . i like that the camera is small and lightweight , but it is not one of those super thin ones that you feel like you could break in half . overall , i think this is a great camera , and i do n't think you can find a better camera for the price
books neg 888.txt i forced myself to finish this book , though it was touch and go in several places , just so i could feel able to review it fairly . it seems i liked it even less than reviewer ms. trieste " cf " , below , but i am in general agreement with her points . there are just so many things wrong with this book that even the grating " famous names " do n't really stand out for me . let 's see , where to begin : the naive political ranting , the unspeakable dialogue , the corny love interest , the wholly implausible technology , the absurd coincidences , the distractingly disjointed structure , the proliferation of minor characters , the talky explanations of the detective 's thought processes , the total incompetence and corruption of the police - i ca n't go on ; it 's hackneyed and poorly written , and that 's all there is to it .
health pos 704.txt well , let 's face it..short of any procedure that is invasive ( botox , cosmetic surgery , etc ) , there really isnt any magic cream that is going to reverse the aging process , but there are a number of products that will aid in improving the look , feel and texture of your face . i 've been trying out several of the products out there , and i found " olay total effects night firming cream for face and neck " to be one of the best ones around . i really like this one alot because of the many benefits it has all in one jar . after using it pretty generously for a little over a month ( i 've used about 1 / 2 the jar so far ) , i found it worked wonders on improving the look and feel of my skin . it minimized the appearance of fine lines , really hydrated my dry skin , improving on firmness , absorbed deep into my skin , so using it every night , i could still feel the softness the next morning , and left my face feeling very smooth to the touch . i especially felt and saw visable result around my neck and throat area ( where i am really starting to get that over 50 look ) . it has a nice , very light scent , and here 's the best part.. . the price here at amazon is about 1 / 2 of what i paid when i purchased it along with my groceries at the market ( and it was even on sale at the store ) , so at around twelve dollars here right now , it 's a real bargain . there are 7 benefits listed on the box , some i mentioned above , others include evening skin tone , minimizes the appearance of pores and reduces the appearance of blotches and age spots . give this one a try for any of these aging signs . do n't expect a miracle . the wrinkles will not vanish , but a nice improvement in the look and feel of your skin , a healthy glow that leaves you feeling just a little better about yourself ( and a a great price ) . the formula includes a fast absorbing skin strengthener called vitaniacin ( vit b3 , vit e and pro-vit b5 ) , wheat protein and hydrators . i like it and recommend it.....laurie
books pos 172.txt when i read alpha male syndrome , i saw myself and the many " alphas " i 've worked with in high-tech corporate america . in some instances i could call out the names of those i 'd either worked with or had family relationships or friendships with - based on the alpha types , strengths and risk behaviors so well defined in this book . i found the practical tips - encouraging specific change , in those who do n't seem open to changing - to be useful , hopeful , encouraging and sometimes even funny . i may go broke sending alpha male syndrome to my too-many alpha friends and more importantly to those who work or live with them ! from soup to nuts i enjoyed recognizing and knowing myself better through the book and from taking the author 's online alpha assessment - then following the action steps in the book , and updated online alpha tips . i can see how and why ms. ludeman and dr. erlandson 's approach to executive coaching is effective .
dvd pos 414.txt ok , first of all oct fri the 13th i finally saw this movie in 3d , sigh i can die happy ! ok this one is really pretty awesome . chris plays a great leading girl ( the only f-13 leadi didnt want to see with an axe in her skull ) . the other characters are pretty harmless too . wev'e got bikers ( snort ) , pothead hippies , a fro 'd chubster and a dude who can walks on his hands better than he can act . plus this came out in the early 80 's so the ratings board didnt demolish all the awesome gore scenes . i give this one a high-5 ! cool deaths , funny scenes and aside from chris 's sherbert pants , some decent 80 's fashion too . yo debbie , i want your bikini , too cuuute .
dvd neg 930.txt i 'd hoped to show this video in the classroom to my high school students but the sexual references are way too graphic . bummer
health neg 319.txt was excited about this after reading the reviews , but it is so small and imho did not produce enough moisture in the air to warrant the pricetag . after buying it and trying it , i went out and bought a larger one . barely ever use this
books pos 88.txt over 20 years after it was published , the story of the israeli attempt to eradicate massive and repeated terrorist attacks emanating from the plo ( bubba 's / jacques / un 's buddy yasser ) in lebanon is no less important . interestingly , lebanon is still struggling to rid itself of syrian occupation . they have gone from the vegan dictator hafez assad murdering opponents and journalists to the syrian optometrist dictator murdering opponents and journalists ( another killed last week 7 / 2005 ) . in this review , i will attempt to explain the story , the left-wing / doves reporter 's views ( and on so many levels his mistakes ) , and most importantly to americans who love and support israel , the correlation between israel 's actions and our " war on terror . " first to the journalists , the main one being the left wing newspaper haraatz ze'ev schiff . as the brilliant reviewer givbatam3 points out nearby , mr. schiff is a member of the israeli left / dove / peace now group . this " coalition " consists of myopic people ( with all due respect ) that do n't seem to understand good and evil . just as our great president bush was criticized for denouncing the " axis of evil " ( he forgot to mention syria and the house of saud ) , these doves conveniently choose to ignore the problems with cooperating with our / their enemies . this is what lead to the fraudulent oslo accords and the creation of the terrorist supporting palestinian authority . it is this " authority " that unleashed a wave of terror on israel immediately after clinton helped the murderer arafat receive a nobel peace prize . fittingly , arafat walked away from the clinton / barak plan in 2000 , which would have created a palestinian state , which to this day ( 7.8.05 ) does not exist despite the charade of the road map . the authors accuse prime minister sharon of illegally leading israel into the war in lebanon . most of the books i 've read about israel seem to have been written by journalists out to discredit sharon . he seems to be the donald rumsfeld of israel . i do n't live there so it is impossible for me to get a read on the situation , but he was democratically elected , so most of the voters must disagree with the left 's assessment of mr. sharon ( yes , i know his " disengagement " is an illegal abomination , more on that later . wear orange to support the settlers . ) on page 39 , mr. ze'ev describes sharon as " a cynical , headstrong executor who regarded the idf as his personal tool for obtaining sweeping achievements-and not necessarily defensive ones-and a minister prepared to stake the national interest on his struggle for power . " those would prove to be the " kindest " words he would have for mr. sharon . on page 58 , he accuses sharon of implementing a quasi-coup d'etat . and on and on it goes . the author also accuses sharon of duping the american government , details forthcoming . later on , we learn of the " courageous , freedom fighter " ( my emphasis ) arafat 's decision to deploy all palestinians including 12 year old boys to kill israelis . of course , to this day the pa affiliated fatah and other groups use children to murder israeli civilians ( the best non-child attack recently was the palestinian woman who was granted permission to receive medical care in israel who tried to kill innocent israeli doctors / nurses using " bomber pants . " great video of her discovering the bomb would n't activate , however us msm {mainstream media} other than fox refused to air it . ) on page 92 , we learn of arafat crony and current pa leader abu mazen 's ( the same oslo and road map violating , terrorist supporting / enabling , holocaust denying , chain-smoking mazen that gw brazenly brought to the white house ) recommendation to target specific ethnic types of jews for murder . throughout the story , if indeed the cabinet was mislead , we learn that this deception had negative military preparedness consequences . specifically , a failure to call up the reserves . to his credit and unlike journalists robert fisk ( pity the nation ) and thomas friedman ( ny times , from lebanon to jerusalem ) , mr. schiff reminds us of the level of terror practiced by ray-ban wayfarer wearing arafat even inside his own plo . on page 147 , we learn of palestinians killing palestinians that were given the chance to evacuate an area prior to idf action . in this episode , three children were gunned down in front of their father . on page 149 , the authors engage in a disgusting bit of analysis about the minds of idf members . in discussing a particularly brutal phase of the operation , the author 's ask " was it perhaps fueled by an even deeper sense of vengeance for all the harm and hatred that the jews had suffered at the hands of others over the centuries ? " and further , " how would the grandparents of these boys have reacted to the scene of mayhem.. . ? " are you kidding me ? ? these members of the citizen army were probably quite sick of repeated murders of innocent israeli citizens and committed to seeing their country living in peace . meanwhile , the un , the left / doves , the media , and others seemed to downplay or turn a blind eye to arafat 's involvement in the many terrorist attacks conducted by the plo prior to the lebanon operation . in my humble view , something had to be done . prime minister begin agreed with sharon 's initial plan on eliminating the terrorists in beirut . page 152 features more america bashing , culminating in an accusation that the us was an israeli dupe . the story of the military operation is detailed completely . and no discussion of the lebanon operation would be complete without mentioning the incidents in the refugee camps in sabrit and shatilla . i 'll leave it for the reader to decide on this operation , but in short , israel relied on their " allies " in lebanon to rid the camps of terrorists . most assuredly , after the palestinians brought havoc to these people , they wanted revenge . the result : some civilian deaths to go along with the " clean up " operation and a rebuke of several israeli figures including prime minister sharon . folks , war is not pretty and the us faced similar choices in partnering with the northern alliance in afghanistan . many to this day say that is why we allegedly " lost " bin laden in tora bora instead of adequately deploying our troops on the pakistan border . general tommy franks says this would not have been possible and i believe him more than the kerry / kedwards crowd . our " ally " pakistan would not have tolerated a us presence , given that they were one of only three governments with relations with the taliban . as for the author 's attempts to rid israeli society of prime minister sharon , it did n't work . he forcefully fought the charges emanating from the investigation into the lebanon operation . after yasser walked all over clinton in barak in 2000 and launched / restarted the intifada , israel voted for " arik " and his platform of not negotiating with arafat . sadly , no tragically , he is haphazardly implementing his " disengagement plan . " six weeks prior to its start , it appears the plan is not well thought out and polls show that israelis are increasingly against it . moreover , turning land over to terrorist supporting mazen will embolden those that seek israel 's destruction . israel expects terror gangs of hamas , islamic jihad , and mazen 's own fatah to immediately set up shop in the west bank and begin terror operations . so looking back mr. schiff and ya'ari , who was right ? terror coddling doves such as rabin ( who at least acknowledged the danger in trusting arafat ) and peres or likud hawks such as sharon ( and netanyahu ) ? let the reader decide . i know who i would trust with my security : likud members sharon and netanyahu .
books pos 364.txt dave barry has written and selected an extremely humorous collection of his articles from the miami herald . there is a huge margin in difference of quality in boogers are my beat than in his initial non fiction books such as dave barry 's bad habits . boogers are my beat is one of those rare books that once you start turning the pages you do n't want to put down until the back cover . dave barry educates his fellow man on a diverse range of topics such as why you ca n't use the towels hanging in the bathroom , the salt lake city olympics , babies on airlines , north dakota , bear in the big blue house and cell phones to name just a few . his article written the day after september 11 and one written a year after , about the philadelphia crashed plane are also included which prove barry could have been a serious writer if he had pursued that career . thankfully he did n't because the rest of the book is hysterically funny as is his carl hiaasen style fiction novel tricky business . big trouble is n't bad either . check them out along with his other non fiction novels as well .
camera pos 392.txt i am a busy mom of two young children . this camera is perfect for capturing all of their cute faces and happy moments . i love the fast cycle time . i love that i can take multiple pictures in seconds . would recommend to anyone
software neg 197.txt i do not like software . it always hang no matter what i did . maybe this is becasue it has not finished the index process ? i had many many photos in my computer .
software pos 259.txt remember....this is a software program and may require you to purchase appropriate hardware to compliment ! pro's : easy to install , somewhat intuitive to use . up and running in no time . imports digital video fairly simply . speed of production is directly related to your equipped home computer . stability of program is strong point . does what it says it can do . did n't make any coaster on first attempts to use . finish product runs well on all dvd players . con's : needs more style templates . needs an imbedded sound translator for music track imports . steeper then normal learning curve with less then optimum manual explanations
books neg 309.txt if you like this book you will probably like " bless the child " by cathy cash spellman . they are very similar . this book can be summed up in one word , simple : simple-minded , simple characters , simple plot ( applied loosely ) , and simple premise . what a contrived piece of garbage ! i ca n't describe everything wrong with this book because there 's not enough time . if it 's meant to be a mystery it sucks because you figure out who did it about halfway through . if it 's meant to empower women it sucks because the women are either victims , in denial , weak , worried about what everyone thinks , or oblivious . if it 's meant to promote animal adoptions it sucks because the author 's plea for that is irritating . that 's how bad this book is ! it can make an animal lover say that its plea for more animal adoptions was annoying . this author has no style . the book reads like an episode of inside edition . there is no immersion into the story . the total lack of character development leaves you with no compassion for them . as a reader i felt completely outside the story ; an uncaring observer of a poorly described scenario . the attempts to tug at my heartstrings were laughable . i 've been more moved by the appearance of colorful weeds on my lawn . the only reason i read the whole thing was that my neighbor recommended it and loaned it to me . do not waste your time . i must say though that this novel was inspirational . if this crap can make the best seller list , it gives me hope that my original fiction might get published
software neg 64.txt it is now almost a month since i bought the upgrade to xp prof . for my destop computer running w2k prof . i have had nothing but trouble . my notebook computer , connected by a wireless next for almost 18 months , suddenly could not connect to the desktop . all network setup and trouble-shooting help did nothing . i called ms and things got worse . now i have an dditional problem ( no sound on my desktop ) and the first problem remains unsolved . i have been through three layers of ms technicians , only the last of which spoke english with an accent close enough to mine to be understood . nonce could fix the problems and they are now " researching " the problem and supposed to call me this morning . during one of the calls , the tech . tried to blame it on my notebook . if any of you are old enough to remember when there was only one telephone company , you 'll ercognize the situation . right now , i would prefer getting a refund and returning to w2k
health pos 341.txt does everything as advertized . love the turbo feature that speeds up the heating process to less than one minute
music neg 318.txt yo gotti in the past can spit some raw ish but on this one , i dunno what happpened.....the production seemed too generic , the rapping was pretty average and generic and not that impressive at all , and doesnt carry much replay value....to be honest , id pop in a three 6 mafia cd rather than this one....album was slacking on so many levels , now theres some tracks that listenable , but the rest make it hard to enjoy this album , nothin special bout it at all...this album waz overhyped i believe and flopped horribly.......gotti can do much better than this.....wouldnt recommend anyone to chek it out.... . 2.5 /
music pos 36.txt wow ! what a great collection of great classic songs ! we highly recommend this to anyone with any age kids who want to have fun and have fun without the tv ! hokey pokey baby...that 's what it 's all about
software pos 855.txt i think the rosetta stone software is a pretty effective mode of learning . however , it is necessary to do it on a regular basis and would probably be even more effective if one were to study verbs and vocabulary outside of the program . in order to get the most out of the program i feel it is essential to do all the portions of each level / lesson .
dvd neg 422.txt while not one of his best novels , tommyknockers was much better than this waste of time ! jimmy smits does his best , but the underwritten screenplay does him and this movie about dead aliens and the thought control they have over a small new england town is just not worth the trouble ! ! skip it ! ! ! !
books neg 662.txt i 've been following bprd since the very beginning and feel that i can say with all sincerity , that this series gets better and better with each new story ! the tpb 's are absolutely the way to go if you do n't frequent comic stores ( which i do ) . so do yourself a favor and purchase all of the tpb 's , kick back in an easy chair with a stock of time set aside , and enjoy these bad boys to your hearts content
health pos 984.txt the theracane is a fantastic tool for unknotting hard-to-reach muscles . it looks clunky , but the shape is right for providing leverage ( and therefore more pressure ) to just the right spots . a great companion for the theracane is " the trigger point therapy workbook , 2nd edition " by clair davies . it matches sore places on the human body with the trigger points ( the muscle knots ) that cause them . i solved a persistent recurring pain in my upper back by massaging a trigger point near my throat . the unwind company is an a+ operation . ordering is easy , customer service is friendly , their prices are among the lowest , and shipping is super-speedy ( my order shipped within two hours ) . i ordered directly from their website and received free shipping .
books pos 908.txt lovers of mr. rochester beware - in this , his second book of literary puzzles , john sutherland turns his considerable powers of literary analysis towards , amongst other things , undoing the good reputation enjoyed by jane eyres brooding hero . bronte fans , brace yourself for some idol-smashing . as in his first book of devoted to literary head-scratchers ( the wonderful is heathcliff a murderer ? ) , sutherland here sets himself out to answer some of western literatures most intriguing questions . though you might not always agree with some of the conclusions sutherland comes to ( we have to have a talk , he and i , about mr. rochesters moral integrity ) as a writer he is always witty , as a thinker always innovative , and as a guide through literatures most baffling conundrums , always genial . buy this book and i promise not only will you learn something ( and , if youre anything like me , get into some very heated debates with fellow literature lovers about jane eyres prospects for bliss , etc. ) - but youll also have a heck of a lot of fun
health neg 22.txt lcd fell off when arrived because the two-side sticker was n't stong enough . anyhow , i could push it back . then , the scale could n't be turned on by tapping on the top . this is the only way you can make this scale work as discribed on manual . i have to remove and insert battery to turn it on everytime ! i think some force sensor attached to the frame is broken . this is the problem i ca n't fix . the only thing i can do is sending it back . following up : according to the other review , i tried to make this scale " vibrating " using different ways of tapping . it did n't work no matter how hard i tried . i had to use my toe to lift up one side a little ( about half an inch ) and drop it on hard floor to make enough " vibration " to turn it on . i wonder how long this scale can function well by such a way to switch on . my soehnle scale always turns on by a soft tapping . i have to admit the reading of this scale is very clear and accurate . just feel a little nervous standing on two pieces of glass . and also , be careful to use it in bathroom : moisture will make the glass surface slippery .
health neg 671.txt too hard to use . so i paid $50 for an $18 hairdryer ; maybe if i watched the video , i could use it bette
books neg 497.txt terrib
books neg 5.txt i tried reading this book but found it so turgid and poorly written that i put it down in frustration . it reads like a translation from another language by an academic bureacrat . the theme is interesting , the execution poor . cannot recommend
software neg 90.txt ok ! being the richest human being on the planet called earth , bill gates decided that he 's not wealthy enough . so he released this microsoft office 2003 , which i really think is not much different from previous edition . the price is , as usual , very expensive . what 's worse is that bill gates decided all the pre-installed windows in new laptops and desktops come with the trial version . so mere mortals like us need to spend extra big money buying the full version to simply do some basic documents . i can see bill gates , being a deified bloodsucker , using $100 dollar bills as toilet paper , and laughing at us who work their butt off just to make enough money to live . so shame on you bill gates and microsoft
health pos 372.txt while a little dubious , i am know a believer- -really helps me get motivated and stay energized focused for my workouts . start with a single scoop and adjust as needed
dvd pos 308.txt this is a typical ( semi slapstick ) gaiday film . it is corny , well produced , and will please anyone who enjoys the upper crust of silly comedy . the subtitles are just fine . you do not have to understand any russian to laugh at this movie . buy it , and enjoy
software neg 12.txt this is the worst version of adobe illustrator to be released since version 9. opens files that i 've been using for years and then writes scribbled , unopenable ' saved ' versions . crashes . ca n't save for mysterious reasons . writes " version 10 " files with text split into pieces . such a fine product ! really glad i paid money for it ! ! i downgraded back to irritator 10
camera pos 492.txt can someone who bought the kit from adorama tell me : 1 ) the battery is the canon genuine nb-1lh battery ? 2 ) the camera case is canon psc-50 case ? thank you in advance
music neg 625.txt never shipped . i ordered this before christmas . they said it was in stock . where is it
software pos 868.txt i am so satisfied with this trendmicro security system , that i highly recommend it to everyone . without mentioning my previous system , this is tops ! i have never felt so secure before getting this system . thank you for being able to supply me with it . i hope through word of mouth and mail , that i have caused others to go for it . i do know of 3 people at least who are changing . thank you again
dvd pos 927.txt these days i want laughter in my life and katt williams gives it to you in the pimp chronicles . i thought kat williams live was great , but this one was better ! his tell it like it is and living life approach is great . if you ca n't go to see him in a live performance this is the next best thing . be prepared to laugh so hard your sides ache . keep an open mind and go for the ride !
health neg 764.txt it does let you shake and mix up the protein well . but no matter how tightly you screw the cap on liquid gets all around the edge and in the threads . then as soon as you put it down it all runs down the sides and leaks everywhere . it 's a horribly cheap and leaky design . i would look elsewhere or just be prepared with a lot of paper towels every time you use it . ( and if you find a good one that does n't leak please post the info here and let me know ) . thanks
camera neg 115.txt this camera worked very well until the lens got jammed in its extended position . i sent the camera for warranty service ( i had it less than 7 months ) , and they refused to honor the warranty because it was a bit scuffed and a little decorative ring on the end of the lens that had been attached with 2-sided tape had come off . they claimed this happened due to physical damage , but this occurred during normal use : i was just changing modes and the lens did n't retract . do n't bother trying to get warranty service unless the unit looks brand new . even then , do n't be surprised if they renege on the warranty . i had another a410 that did the very same thing ( lens got jammed ) , but was stolen in a break-in before i sent it out for service ( so i suppose it was no loss after all ) . obviously there is a design flaw that causes the lens to extend too far and come off track inside . in short , this camera is not suitable for frequent use in the field . if you buy it , and plan to use it a lot , expect to be buying another camera or paying for a repair that should be covered under warranty ( which i 'm not doing ) soon .
dvd neg 993.txt running with scissors is a slice of life movie which spends time leering into the lives of eccentrics and then ends with no revelations or culminating event . unfortunately what comes before the movie fails to culminate is not very profound or insightful . it is marginally entertaining and somewhat troubling . the lead character in the movie is a 15-year old . his parents divorce , and his selfish mother sends him to live with her charlatan psychoanalyst and his similarly-acquired family . lead is on course to become a writer ( who eventually writes the non-fiction account upon which this movie is based ) , but we see little of his efforts to develop himself as a writer . all the performances were serviceable , save for gwyneth paltrow , who lazily regurgitates a role she played previously . annette benning is also essentially revisiting a role she played in a better movie . mrs. benning performed excellently and selflessly , but the similarity of the roles intruded on my view of the movie . it is a sure sign that hollywood is producing too many dysfunctional family flicks when all actors have been consigned to act in them and some actors are serving a second term . also growing tiresome is the treatment of gays in movies . the presence of one or more characters has become a requirement in films that explore a set of quirky characters . furthermore , the gays are stereotypically endowed with greater passion and depth of emotion , and are put-upon or stifled by the stodgy straights . the most promising characters are the psychoanalyst 's wife and adopted daughter . the movie has some colorful and funny scenes , but these are not enough to justify a viewing
software pos 317.txt the new edition of w / p is simply the best . the new features , the little extras you 've come to expect from w / p , the user-friendly tool bars all make this a good investment
health neg 572.txt it ran good and i liked the different attachments , but i gave it away because i was uncomfortable with not having a lid like my previous one did
books neg 350.txt you can breeze through this book in under an hour - - i just did . while it makes for a suspenseful , albeit entertaining , account of what happened that infamous night , damore relies too heavily on witnesses ' accounts and police remarks ( often little more than kennedy bashing ) . by now , most of us can accept the facts : that emk drank way too much and drove off a bridge , subsequently leading to tragedy . dui accidents happen every day , chillingly often to average people . the fact that this happened to one of the greatest senators in the history of the united states only reaffirms this . ..
dvd pos 491.txt briefly speaking , if you liked tony jaa in " ong-bak " you 'll love " the protector . " the plots are cut from the same mold ( in this movie , jaa attempts to recover elephants , instead of a statue head , that were stolen from his village by ruthless criminals ) . the choreography is faster paced and more dynamic ( and there 's more of it ! ) ; once again showcasing jaa 's fantastic martial arts ability . since the script and the acting are not on the high end of the cinema achievement scale , the producers were smart to put the emphasis on mindboggling stunts and martial arts choreography . this movie is great . i hope i 'm not placing a jinx by saying tony jaa is destined to become a legend . he is the greatest martial artist we 've seen on screen in many years .
books pos 208.txt this is an essential read for anyone who wants a deeper understand of american foreign policy . a year after this book was published , there were over a hundred reviews . regardless of whiether one disagrees or agrees with the author , finds the author right or wrong , interesting or boring , this book is one of the most influential books , if not the most influential book that affected american foreign policy . in fact , the current bush adminstration 's policies , george kenan 's containment , henry kissinger 's policies as well as countless adminstration 's policies are shaped or affected by this book . my area of study is the foreign policy of post world war two american governments , and never have i understood it with greater clarity after i read this book . it is the thread which runs through the policies of all the administrations , differing on extent . ( i studied the policies first and read the book the year after ) . it is a fascinating book and hard to put down . the author writes in a european style ( beautiful long sentences , etc. ) , which in my opinion makes it more eloquent and in the opinion of my co-students makes it more difficut to read . he tries to give a balanced perspective from which one can think critically . ms. rice and mr. kissinger were heavily influenced by this book . to understand them , this is a must read . in and of itself , it is an excellent book , a classic , and thousands others significantly more qualified than i have reviewed it . look even at other reviews on this website or at well known journals for a more accurate assement of the book itself by political scientists
dvd neg 518.txt i take this title form the video store thinking in wynton marsalis . when i was watching the dvd i can appreciate that the image is very good ( not great , and i have a 720p tube tv ) and the sound is very good also ( not great , i have a reference equipment ) . but the show is so boring look , you just desire this man stop to blow . the drum 's solo is just awesome , but the rest of the show is to forgive about it
health neg 323.txt yes , that 's right . this worked for me for only one day . what a disappointment
music neg 846.txt look , i dig stand up , and i dig fat jokes , but this guy is n't that great . i got a friend who loves john pinette , but i ca n't see it . he tells jokes about how fat he is , how he likes to eat , how he does n't like to move . its the same over and over and over again . its dull and it 's too easy . they 're not even jokes , really , just comments on how fat he is . also a fair part of his act consists of " asian people talk with accents and thats funny " which i find cheap . stereotypes should n't be jokes , and even when they are , they should n't be the joke . john says something with broken english and the audience laughs really hard . why ? why is that funny , here in the 20th century ? maybe i just do n't " get " his humor , but i do n't think this guy is any good . i perfer comedians who tell jokes . on the plus side , this guy is clean , which is rare these days . but there are better clean comedians around . try getting a brian regan album or an emo philips album . jerry seinfelds album is good too . try those guys because they 're clean and legitimately funny
music pos 751.txt i agree with everyone else ; the music on this album is completely magical . two masters at work with a great rhythm section , very spontaneous-sounding contrapuntal harmonies , unbounded joy in every tune , and some interesting arrangements . this is also the worst-sounding cd ( or lp , for that matter ) that i have ever heard . it sounds worse than lo-res mp3s played over the web ; i have recordings of 78s that sound better . i cannot believe that even laserlight would release this . i have other laserlight cds and none of them sound this bad . if they remastered this and made it sound better , i would buy it again . that 's the only reason for 4 stars rather than 5. still , it 's worth getting if you can listen past the horrible sound quality
health neg 524.txt this dryer made my wavy hair straighter than a seperate brush and dryer ever could . the problem is that it just shuts off . the first time i used it , it shut off twice within a 20-minute period . it would n't restart when i plugged it back in , or even when i tried a different outlet . no matter what i tried , it would n't restart for about 5 minutes . i 've used an older model of this dryer and the same thing happened . i would n't recommend buying this product
books pos 638.txt i teared when i read parts of the book , but it is such an awesome book ! i did n't want to put that book down until i was completely finished reading it . i definetely recommend it to anyone with children . i loved it , and i plan on keeping up with my letter box to my son